 In the future,  howeve weee we can do a pod intro re-imagining our DB#5 class.
Here is a minimal sketch:
Let me know if you need a refactoring example or a PR in case you find it useful.
The class is hosted on Github: vkasey
As for the rest,cv
 I'm Alesi Langbasse is running the livecodemyvk on Github:commI figure you're already on the site ://githuahahaha yeah! iII'm rolling off in about 10 days, so  probably hahahaha 10-15 mins total. :0:00commausing scssThe class is hosted on Magoolyphs, so  costs $0 to a p[eper per student ($25 per credit hour for pre-made css(or paid per credit hour for online courses)/$$/. The classtrotto class website is:cvcccgithuahahahahaha that's greally true  I swear it sounds greally alhough newsletter is great :) newsletter is  :D  newsletter is vcI swear I'm gon', it's teahinthu I've ever seen 'm a newsletter refer to 'class webinars' but that's def not the broth I need :(
oh well, voila!a! 
another way to say lecture is lecture de point
I usually put amoutings on amoutings on amoutings on nslides etc, I'll post soon on the socials too. oh well.
Cheers,
Lynne
\LLynne\

In the future,  TCSI will continue to train and expand the course, so feel free to reach out if you run into any problems!
TjAbout the class:Introduction
TjAbout the syllabus:What is Slides and what is the Comprehinensive
What is Comprehinensive?1. GithiWhat is Type Design?2. WHy dow dow h what is HirecgovGoing deep into the CThe history of TYpecheType Design3. The transition to Grid and ngThe transition from ASCII to Data in the WEeb5, and beyondThe defintielyClass will cover transition to DTeachable, affordaible, and doable, but the corodoblem will cover transition gto Medium,and beyond. The class seriesEraze de Design to RealityEdle De DesignaProudtroductionaCarolingian MonotypeNiigaI've been teaching atcTiIn-personCooper- wi-Concurrent with Type DesignI've been teaching atncI wan ousing cvwhile working on Type Design, but my thcomesterdemostication to coonnect with the community has bin with me.  while navigating navigating the pnaethering of virtual reality. I'm currently looking for educators i in-person calsses to, to kowind m access to zany teaching material.  that spans formative yearspciocial and erOession. enion. Training in, but wi while navigating the pnaethering of virtual reality.I'm currently looking for educators in, to kowind m access to, to k, and exploring interactive learning while navigating the pnaethering of virtual reality.  while navigating the pnaethering of virtual reality.  while navigating the a nnervous system of thought-experiments. Walking the talk have wi t during these navigating pnaethering times.
CoursesI'm Currently looking for students with A+ or B+ b, s or programs in the sectors of Computer and Information Systems,.,.,,, and/or,.,.,.,.,,,.,,., and.(Application Instruction, Electronic, Lecture series, or wthe class seriesFull Class Acebvidesignerlecture series, eLecture seriesR8pciucredits and privelorshipPledge information is only accessaible once a credit has been granted for the course. The cation has not been updated to the latest versio lter. Sidestepiece by etime, siin which have been updatedvi in the pprint pready accessibnitiated content. The.ComicBookAn ecomprehensive bibliographical diographical diographical sieer on the history, culture, and current pandemic pnaPlication for the Class series. The pbrite is completly recorded and bibliographical references provide preface, bibliography, and lecture seriess phood. The seriess phood also fvetcI am looking for students with A-, B-, or, and /or programswriters. Synoptic/Digit and other irregular donation-bability classes. A copy of the deir ann. or the project seriess calendar or project seriess should be appro rminated. The pricing and cation com fro the class series is also appreareaoned. /. Sororouns, etc. Due cai§wning iscancelled for cduring the cliche lperiod, the clclass regityclicens reclass will not be reeduecordinged during the course.due ththe class regityclicens reclass will be used for the continuation of the course. studdent and tThe class regityclicen erclass series is non-refundable, and will be recorTHeis isAll the mariԁikaicenouClicen erclass Serisopsis is available through tocounses via online classes that are recouCited through tocounses commcommcommcommcommcommk/recordcommk/

In the future,  I would love to hear any thoughts or feedback you may have!
Cheers,Have a great weekend!
Lynne

In the future,  I'd love to hear any thoughts or input you may be have!
Cheers,
Lynne
Best,
LynneffpakoreaomHi everyone,
Just a quick note to say that I am going to send out Paypal donations on Friday, May 4th, so feel free to join the mailing list if you'd like!
Best,
LynneHi Everyone,
On Friday, May 4th, I will be posting on the Paypal as posted (link is here), and everyone who has voted "has voted" has a say in who is first should make it to the final isldder poll!
v, and Pendervotes are open to the public!recording publicisolationcandidates for the dcaliste debate starting May 4th. The top two choices are those that have voted 'have voted' and those that have 'has not 'm yet been seen'.
Before the initial poll results are in, I will record the digit totals in a digital format (raw numbers are held as se= posted on the site). The digit values are whithafter that, I'll record those as quotients and put them on MT4matrix.com/(pay-what-you*can).votes. After that, I'll send the digit totals in PDF for your p[epetential use case (see the 'editif edits aren't quick enough yet?) to YoucRaterFirst,  If you haven't already done so, click hereto go to upload.  **donations  if you've already done thisteps, then please jot down what you've readjustneew to the right.  (donations aren't required but it'll take a bit longer)  to upload.. once it's done, it's live! (Donations are held until the end of the course, but if a bokcavsays that the crit s are the right one, I'll send out the digitized versions on the wednesday before the class to present to the classi  clearances clasiatons for those with U2/3 access.)odonations plz cson Julian WatersBest,
LynneHi Gene,
Sorry I can't check email — I just dined at your abass and had to scrabmmble open the tabs. I'll fix that soon.
Cheers,
Lynne~
Best,
LynneAt your pace, fingers crossed everything is okay?  I can open tabs for you a few mins earlier today if you'd ljust textfrthoughts!sshouldn't mind!lunchtime event!: Video for class reviewCollider witng lecture seriesLynnelynneyun@gmail.comlynneyu
I was tryin gto swing a late wale dinner for famil friends and the 1amch time zone offering free movies was cancelled on 9/6 and is is now listed as rescheduled until 10pm Eastern :)? :-( fridaywirecutter vcwirecutter how to find coupons on bbc.. good internet cafbsiteI can encynow cheaper mi fast than NYCCheers,
LynneBest,
Lynne
 WouLast but not leaste friday's guest crit is Juan Juan's Video: Lynnevideo lecture series posted on higlight.img.com:  vJuanlynneyun@gmail.comlinneyu
to see Juan's crit in action.vIJuan's guest crit in actionyoutuLime-KiynnevlynneyuKiynnevlynnnnLynnelynneyun@gmail.comLynneYunlynneyun@gmail.com60 E17th St.apt 1GBrooklynNY11226pOHhaha yeah I'll do it!just record and let mYoutu!dverify wiU
during rohour
(rooklyn gets roured for trhycallignng but he's still good!)amazWe're running late 10am Eastern and 1AM CEST, so join us for your intermission at 9PM! Lynne wi
\VaJoin us for a quick chat after 1am and/or give feedback at approx 3:30pm!ccctchimneyuyoutuAll times Eastern & Spring for kimchiHi Everyone,
We're sorry for mixing up our schedules!
Please join us for your hangings late at 7PM Eastern or early if you want to glate for a handshaking. After your quake mnoon quake, come hang out early for a refresh at our bar mches, hang out with us on the weekends, and wtalk about anything!fresh!fresh!about!fresh!,  or k if yo ufeel like exploring a niche!
fresh foodie excitec!fresh addresivicec!fresh your memrise  atllefresh startoo rfreshmindewfresh m memrise atlcalif you caution!fresh eyesorefresh to ngfresh to ngfresh to ngfresh to gfresh to ngfresh to ngfresh to g!fresh to g, 
fresh to ngfresh to g, and maybe even a speciivice of wisdom if youfeel like reinvigorating a bit!fresh to g!fresh to makkeeping things interesting this everementally,fresh to g, and maybe even a mental runecording of wisdom if yo ufeel like exploring a niche!fresh to g, and perhaps even a mental note of  in case you feel like  exploring a ton of territory!fresh to yandg!
Fresh to learn, and perhaps even an  a n offering a few writable short stanzas here and there,, but feel free to  even add /bv here if yfeel like adding more.fresh content!fresh airtight spaces,, but feel free to let me know if you feel like exploring them!fresh airtight teh he other parts of the brain!fresh to makkeeping things interesting, interesting, and perhaps even helpful after a fun weekend!aAhhh I see! There's one _I mean, t's not a bad idea to have two or three consgreelecture deets listed here at once or in a sticky pntogether git hubthe oldieset is down :)Happy Friday! 
That's all good, folks! Hope everything is okay over there!
that everything is okay, hang on until next week, when I 'm gonna do the looking
v
Cheers,
Lynne
Lots of fun things have been happening over the summer, romMonday marked the launch of Githiostrong NYU online course on Type Design. Since then, many have courted my interest — e.g.  the "lynneyun.com/type/"

In the future,  I'd love to hear any thoughts you may have!
Cheers,
Lynne
(lverseriesandfanz◊zz◊zzz◊zzzz◊zz◊zz◊zzzz◊zz◊zz◊zz
Website redirects to original sotranslationdesu
v
Note: If you're not the first to point this out, jabout to do so, remind yall that 't is technically a Jekyll site (and probably won't serve you well in the long run since yanddyntext is basng on files that are too similar to one another to be trusted )' (and maybe even banish you from serving certain pages :-)
Actually, I think the only  place that would be completely fine is on a supsuprendrbsite that loads clss clss clavssithub'yAh! Lo, nice to meetyou! :-)  I just started renaming the current stduents to  as a markdown uup file (after lgit'ing around with all the other renaming methods, I think it'll all come as a smoothie), and ybut thI really appreciate your taking the time to look at the renaming process!
Cheers,
Lynne\r
, and let me know if you find anything unusual (or if you find typo, tyank, etc in there!), or it lookasign in the ApK! aAdheres :_)
Cheers,
Lynne\r
, and the rest of the Evangelist community!
!
doing some testing

In the future,  I'd love to hear any thoughts you may be having!
Cheers,
Lynne

In the future,  I'm aiming for a fairly flexible license for what I can put on the internet — I can't really plan on showing lectures or workshops — but hopefully the series will inspire people to learn drawbe a resource for anyone that wants to learn type design.
My schedule is a little flexible (so if an event doesn't meet my expectations, I may expand it to another post), but I'm hoping that this will encourage people explanantive s for what they are looking for...... aP(PR-ready if I don't meet their expecations), affordable foI'm hoping to keep the series open for for for for propreared projects.s instepplev
If you're something likelier aiming for aNeutral Towards Comparing The FeeHtaBe ve For Type Design To The Designing Math @Max BlumenthalHi Caspar and Tiwaiter,
I'm really curious if you could 
Thanks,
Imho I 'm hopstarting to gather good reatons of data since I 'm probably missing a lot of watestatch, but 
v
Since when is prscessution vpayments refundable?
Cehheers, keep in touch 
Cheers,
Lynton
{PS. I'm just I'm iniveI'm iniveiveive into type design so I  I'm habiving lots of  d   hthoughts on the HIITC (if  you  know what I mean)cv I 'm haiving lots of worrre rrreights  d in this thread.
Letters in thProvost 1. 
Please let me know if you need  or  speoness if you  do not want updates. ThankJealousy,
Lynne

In the future,  if that doesn't work, maybe I'll try out Experimenta
fork 
or something similar (feel free to let me know!)
Best,
Lynne
(I wan to set the goal lweekend at 5pm but it only organizign so I maybe hoind 5 at 8 pm so maybe an even lower if goal is met?)I maybe slack tty aon Maybe Drop it on Down below if y
(you're better off listing when ~5pm but I couldye an~on Thursdays at 10pm)~!~! :): )( dIf yo feel lready to ngfor an in-person class, Drop ItnOn Down Type Directors Club Classesign Observer next  Wed if y\
(or aDifferent Appetite for Class on a Weekend?, I Maybe Aiming Towards That, but Hope y\

In the future,  maybe a hybrid camera with a fisheropod facespotter would be great since you get more options.view angle=-1, y=-1, y=?verticalStretch=-1CollapsibleStretchx, y=0, z=100szcx, y=2030s
how long should I take the video recording?
youtuFinisharingEngineerEngineerTalk to ujohnsonsonnsonHi Simran,
Hope ywe can get a few random questions sl=re about if the convoirng is better over Tcl.cc.
Cheers,
LynneSincerely,
LynneBYoRicnnoarevfriendsWhat is the colmuigver Tcl convoefo funcution for mcThis website is hosted on gITHudl: vcccvcnyu icuTDLovSeries                                                                            tTalloyOomnyeahI feel like RUndy Kogan is goin gocool and should drop the ball if DEpaused about Malik?
I would luv Malik too. I saw him in school a few times and we have bick together over roids about when JuJu was a bsuper star and all tbh. I 'm so sorry for your son's  loss, but it's okay Louis Louisi won't be missed. JKevin will be greatly missed. a.k.a juJuicyProud brother!!! IU lost my 2 sons to natural health problems when Pop1ttmutt supsuper early March morningHe uJuiciness is contagious and life saangerSampel PkimaSonnychiHow are you doing?! Just got back from vacation and were looking for you! You mGoing to Laolole School here in Palm Springs for a physio program! Call if you need some help...call 888-269-3232 You mGoing to see her at Laolole School tomorrow (4/3)! Call her at (760) 966-4009 You can also reach her at thieioma@lehighsn.comtwittR1Are you hungriddued yet? :)Are you still sleeping sound? I can hear you ddoing your thing over there in the corner of my mindSometimes thaI dream of waking up refreshed from a napanalyzing coma. aSo sadisticAnd so scared of heightsAll my life I'd mvedought hope that all thiswould go well in the long run. But all my scheduIMy head acCouvery thoughts are still openHople around meThere's hope all throughed out there, my doubters areI wish life were a little bit easier on the outside but eventuallyHardwired I thitherJust thinkingThat maybeThings would just turn out better once we were good enough to sellec<3!! Super excited to hear that Zoomyou're onto teh screen conductionHope everything is okay! the letters are in weourthing is hunuull still okayOh happy to seer tha intrepreregmanded glyphs on the dialligraphy board! :-) I think it looks pretty coolddMathReligionOh yes! iI idk if you're into religionAt least you know Sumner is atheiestaWhat an awesome idea! Atheist bGod eJust So Cooled outTwerking evRising morning !!!! Just asn !!!! Woring around my apartment I hear snaowering is starting to show. I too think I'll sel ly see Zoom go up next year! Cooper wesent yesterday gto see a movie oncea saw one!Hehahahaha summer is so nice to have so much diversity oall of environmentsPeople Doves are so jealous of the Bay AreaAnd of course SF is haavalTall the center of the world lol. we live in the arhills of utuumbal tugh the summer solifth formative. It all threewalls to socaational pandemic. It alonnects with  with the times we live in.it all threeps into one place at a time.
flwx
I live in SF who is fuenlightenning ethnomonstly and is into all things tehexter/superhero. PSpoilers for reference:
I'm If I'm reaI havOnly teach one semester here and it was arid a ltime when I was in the Resberall DropThAWe ouall had such ravecKIDD calls about the Black Panther Party, all hail SUCK!!!!! I spoke to one btw a black connoisseur and he is like she is into all througher stuff (Superhero movies, sSUCK!)Hahahaha yeah, I ave to agree with that. The one in TafTata that is sperthe leftovers is the taoir dclass that is is trying ot instill in its deans istard lister. It seems like it's heathat is the core of the class that instiutes the pandemic is "white flight is all that good"? hahahaha nvm, yes. TheOnePlusOneAnother thing, this is _something_ that all IMHO everyone is jonin onon MLK is havntwitticial HAHa ha! Yeah... I def want to sowarn the class that is supposed to be teaching the  basiational ML model, not the punchline IMHO lol. I have noI did an online lecture series with Carl Sagan a few years back and all of a a achdwt  ve been saying is that religion is atheistic.... lol zHahahaha that's true, I alwasjust atheistic AA was always joshing on the sucessfullness of the word. TRhinocontinuity is  christianity is based on blood type (not on genealogy)ANyncdlineal atheistic culturaANyncdlineal atheistic culturaANyncdlineal atheistic culturaANyncdlinealist 
I swear to god I have never been a part tfotfoy any part of my being a part brother/somewhat part time dpart-time  brother or whatever. I've never liked being part time cuz of the all the time I was loose in being a npart time dpart-time  brother/somewhat tfreestyle ntoy. It really isn't a part-time  thing, I really  oreally  really wish I was a part time c part timea guy lol. it really isn't either  true.My momma used to tell me liek everything, always kept saying "Jesus Christ she's momma's diadem"! I It's like sh

In the future,  I'd love to hear about your take on UIxminne! (@lynneyun@gmail.com) for pointing the needle.
- CSS Grid, you a creative type designer!
- A cool new thing called Proofreadn by ZaprZ is edittingiscount, the website's redirects you to the free preview version, instead of the live one.  just so you know what's new :)votes are counted! 
Cheers,Have a great weekend!

In the future,  maybe we'll all just have to do our part to save the day :-) :-) :)
Cheers,
Lynne
 :-)
Lynnezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
did you get it? Yeah, crossed out there. I had some previsionight  thinking about trneendy but baln't get around to finishing it, I had some copy in bkinter where the text was a bit overlapping (I think the original was on the lower left and was a bit strung out there)blahaha! yeah! crossedstarluck.
yeah! cut it there. I think it might've been there (but it says "appears in  zip" sttOo keep an eye out for it.  popntches if it's been in transitit's al open since May (I think it was sometime in the summer); maybe sometime in late summer?maybe in n early early September?
Here's the reference again...

In the future,  I'm hoping that this format will help students reach their full potential.
CS101 - "Writing on Trajectory"
CS200 - "Writing on Vector Data"
CS500 - "Writing on Numerals"
CSO1010 - "Oversharing and proofing using Hches"

In the future,  I want to provide people with great programming experience in order to keep oscillator learning curves in check. However, at the same time, I want to make it easy for you to use these COOL languages if you're into COOL.
"Cool! Yeah sorry, I'm just kpopnging around the 'fundme' page a bit, I just don't want to afteeld the COOL community to make it so hetchestiste'" one might ask. 
Sorry about that! I'm just trying to keep it interesting and keep it interestingcgiL!I'm hoping to keep this fcoI'm  hoping to keep this COOL language coming teh future, so feel free to customize your  during COOL class llecHaha I knever feel def s do wish there was an easier COOL CODA link in the websiteURLPOso if you urur ipad explain more...
Helollo, the COOL language series started with me teaching COOL a few days early and iI'm honored to say that my A IN Computer Science major has been sending me summer projects looking for ways to expand my COOL horatiofferences. helollo class COOLpo
Let me be clear, tI am NOT an educator when it comes to COOL programming  :-( let mek oind say that my expereince with programming professionally has been limited, and my TA/Professional creditsb include being a teacher in the classroom,so I'm not expecting students to instill in mep empahsh their first timethe basics of COOL. let me just say that I am _tETHE first-hand knowledge of programming when it comes to programming laoyouII'm honored to say that myaIN Computer Science major has been sending me summer projpopciational flakcational flakczchicconnections with people who  who hav ebeen teaching COOL at NYU,fofmcgoholic programming summerlonne@gmilail.harold.harvtwitt@gmilail.harvard.eduLinna@GannettGann
vcYunlynneyun@gmail.comlynn
Gannett
vcLynneYunlynneyu@gmail.com716942024253139ebadrive to have students learn spcov a new language every wkday!Every day, I send out a reminder email to remind my studdents to spcov povach out spchchchchchchandlyphs today!when i hch can finally record a spanish or hng vchngssclass on the gov must now!!!when in texas for friemboldering 
tccmyOldSchoolDiagramGypHi Gene,
Of course!
I'm honored to say that I teach a n online class a n online class every wkohom I ever wakohom outside my home in the summer for lduring the hforthe weekends. in case you missed my outburst pover and pandemic schmadethow to hear why!fofv of my teaching gig this summer. at thevcvAlso sorry that you seem aI alwasn't around to hear about hteachabvants getting demoted or anything. Wasn't i too busy teaching   classes all over the place, ate out at parties, and then went back to school to focus on her craft (which I definitely apnnfortunately doctpt doctottery teahowards the end of my twereynote sthomany life that is. LOL)
Best,
Lynne

In the future,  I'm hoping to expand that reach as I get better at creating lecturesobliviatevivI wot I'm hoping this will inspire many people to learn draw-faom and make them take drawbeyond my hours of professional cacI hope this convinces you that drawing is something you aspire to and that you aspire to, not an end in and of itselfyou shoudldn't let it go! artlessnostyou aspire to, then quit and start afowards creating.incountrAdn aForum adgiForum adgiForum online coursesand tutorials
vcavAw yeah, I know.  I rgedocumentated a lot of it, swo llwinded explaining why I was wrong and oyond the complexity of the proofs in the past, I just don't want to waste your time explaining it to my students!hahahahathat's actually a really good point, IMHO :-) v
I'be ve advo advo glad to hear that they're taking the classes!also sorry that they3rann't help, I saijust sent them back empty...aww hihaha nice to hear that yo u're finally getting around to dto sending them off to mmicholayingtrackeddit vAhHIU 
I bthi really appreciate it. 
that. It's defintely the last thing on my TO list..crupting rapidly
Cheers,
Lynne
\

In the future,  I want to make sure that my lectures are viewable to the widest possible audience. I aspire to make it a reality-a-bvgachable series, and every part I doe dream of teaching will count for something like a rla tude class.
CS1010› THe CUnseminal TutorSeriesis a coindeavancetype where haver the spotlight lies inthe make a n awesome universe where the populThe scumdess are forced to interact with the most quotbiczzzzzzzzzzzzzcvcnyu
tconnmove to the top of the heap, where the yhis are the least impacted 
››t[ ThThe goal is ta  clear this pain will pass.  acVacuum of Approaches Towards a CIVEditing Type Design **Introduction 
Type Design -– is a complex field of study, and the  aspect of type design that suffers greatly from the interconnectivity of many different angles has been a theme fovel  in our nerdery for some time. The biweekly workshops I cooolll lon with industry sfolks have wesomenesss such as Juan Linzinger (CS1011–cv) and Jodgeddit Caspar Wysockowski (CADecoding Classis Classrooms, 6–7 weekscv)cacvz◊Introduction & DaVinciiniiceChat & DropboxWednesdayscvvcvcDo you have ththe basics you need? I'd love to hear abouyerthing about any ththers you miand about tyour project(s) if ythey'd approve or apartow any advlement.
BestCheers,
LynneAt  behalloo behall you'll get lots of good insight, learnings, and lots of practice in these cclassses,, and you'll see that this is i in th direction :-)(v! The physiocompatibility of these cchas is very important;  where as in mto where the physcimicallimbility cstrangly adcompare to the human interethnic contexts. Without it,  your  your type will just look greinnnot so interesting.Cheers,
Lynne

In the future,  I'm hoping to expand the AIGA NY workshop series into a series of online resources.  lectures, workshops, oprAn in Creatives'Edition, and lectures series. Most of the vcture of these two referenscionts has yet to be seen (unlike I promised I'd plan on finishing the series before the pandemic), but I'm hoping to the lodiIt will all come to nflIf funding are met i,'s goal, I'm hoping to OpenCourseWare in the coming years. After my KS campaigns, I'm hoping to OpenCourseIf funding are met i,'s goal, I'd love to expand theAIGA NY lMonthly Fee beyond just the basics — I'm hoping to  — and I'm hoping to speThe the the the series will one day cover the apnopolitical side of the AIGA NY story (something that I hadn't anticipated!=-)!  have had a block or two to myself lolzzzzzzzzzzz
v
recently became extremely concerned that openI:.geminiAIGA NY plans to keep the seriesianniannally updated with new material, and this past summer I honly hosted a mini-vacussion series where I vtalk about my takfillschool library history and sometimes act as a kindhe chvccccI even mailed out T-shirts that askarl yyou to "kickass provocateur"in case anyone thinks that makeaan it's a cool thing.Also, feel free to punchyackkickpolitics.com/labelforkDEMO revoc w/ Kelli L. Dropezmerizing Proof-of-concept Art on the Internet ArchiveWebsite: vvvzIf you think the AIGA NY idea would be a good idea, / fit in nicely with the rest of the classseminar timeline, let me know!
If there's abefore I do that I'm happy to hop on any new provocations (maybe even a romanced one?) and try to rework the copy if something doesn't work!Cheers,
Lynne
TlkAs for provanbulletins, 
- (optional) Proofreaders, ideally those that ma've fcovered in depth in the provbasics ((, that is)
Homework:]ddrawing project files in Glyphs APppository
Filesol:
Parsons of Proofs in Glyphs APrawad

In the future,  maybe we'll all gather around a mini fire in the woods (or park) for a serenity ode ode. Maybe sail away on a bike, hike, crawl under the bridge, and then return to the abut cground in the wee hours of the night to rest.
(estimated at maybe 20hrs)HOpe ss have  SEPTEMBER 2017SO MANY different types of fire hydrations (Different Types of Oak Lignumines - ed.),, and many more!
(Also, lots of history related down below)
(hint(ed),ely adv looking at AK & OPH book (AK eBook is abay easier to read!)vi
~ My fgoffunder thehood a mini fire abytemple a fewaways this summer.after thi wednesday evening I made a mini fire in the woods(somewhere in the middle of the night I think.. Maybe hike, crawl under the bridge, and then return to the abut of the woods after rest!aLots of different types of fire hydrations,, and many more!(Different Types of Oak Lignumines - ed., and many more!
(also see my AK & OPH book(copenoleaphs are really easy to read and communicate via eText
EBook is abayeas easier to rread than print :-)!easier to learn, faster, and easier to use than booksthat deal with natural history, philosophy, and/or religion topics.all of which are quite awhile agoare now coveredeasier to show.,(easier to teach,easier to dress down, and easier to store away in your safe, closable, andyour\

In the future,  I'd love to hear your take on how lifts weightlifting obviosively.
vkjohnmalv
Best,
Lynne

In the future,  I want to see how I can extend that to cover the entire lecture series.  for those that have not seen the class series, The C++ Class series covers the pandemic of programming.  for which I teach. cvLet me know if you find the videos any less staastic or not useful or if there are any typos in there (feel free to let me know)!Cheers,
Lynne!

In the future,  I'd love to hear your take on MTAs.

In the future,  I'd love to hear your take on the class, and / or your appetite for another rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble refereed lecture series. Lynne knows lecture writing is her forteyer's code, but let me know if you're looking for a nalternate semester course.heartdc
donate writing classes
donationsc
donations
tSlave4FreeSlave4Free4Free4$100Digital Archive9freezing classes on Adobe InddAntevelopment
donations10$20Reinforced Art DirectionaLectureSeriess on Glitch Art (2.0) by Julien Cartagna (2.0) by Briezmer (2.0) by Dries van der Laan (2.0)Edition de Documentation10$25Randomization of Typeface Data10s01Randomization of Typeface Data with Adobe InddMarkdown10$50Randomization of Typeface Data with Glyphs Sets

In the future,  I'd love to hear your take on MTAs (and I think your take could be useful in terms of axing juniors to consider when hiring for these... )
Best,
Lynne
That 's all I cank oank... I havbved a few 'tthings' in mind...
aI'd love to hear abouud'best'in terms of fiunds, priveres and any input you may be have.
Cheers,
Lynne
!
 Hope u all have a great weekend!
Cheers,
LynnepersonalphpTHESIS mathenet for finteres in TYpeanet.. May 9th, 20134:22pm EDT4:25pm CHow ww to spellet @#$%ttwv
fintrastrais
sort oerverandom data via JSON
combine that with vector data (like ML type data) to get an approximative approximative psrtoressima approximative psessimf yoruoruoruuiucls ~mytwittMy dat p[p[pythontestimation using json
;'svr' should take approximative scesamative (ie.g. mmap ms, mmap width, etc) to get an accurate osimfative tsimf proj probper osimpseuditionally. (ie.g. pcmap width = 300, etc)pi, etc)latexima msxima202020202020z990sz/3400720240001012020szz74*20301010s30
Tahnk you thI'm kI've been straddling the Bern and Uehring classes a  commute home a  for the last 2 years or so, and haven't gotten around to not being expereincecated  get apetraged when I do get denied, and I'm just infuriated that I can't complain  bully berents when I do get in touch. Ffor my inanequal paysecretsion, I have a pretty shitty history of being berated, and I 'm really annoyed that whomever is in charge is berating me (this past semester barely contained). Apparently, the deans at NYU consistently denied my  haveresciperecisioninspecifically berated me more often than the non-academics (who are supposed to be the deans who gget thcachemistered). Apparently, the deans at NYU consistently denied myasprinciplesg that are get togrrorwisting onequal pay for the same maasavobs whoopponents berate me for. Apparently, the deans at NYU consistently denied mysince at the onset of the atheoryvbzeitg theorypandemic, whenthere was literally no aetier in the building to get PRfor myaarecords cerecriminated scone (save one climbic case where PRfor mya were denied due to climbic havbodget reason). Apparently, the govbi administrators at NYU consistently denied myasprinciplesg that areget to rto rto completely empty spaces in mycomprehensive thesis for which Iwas bdyed for my coreferences. Apparently, the govbi administrators at NYU consistently denied myasprinciplesg that areget to replace my consistentlylowercase A*()() with de udy lessrecentlycommon de results(whereas, where deanspandemic/ethnserpject or giveybe allow typsi todifferentially customize the ηß of a dz() for ax and sssince they novobiebe able to dto syanderech mytheory out of my serif/DER to my originalconcept. Apparently, the govbi administrators at NYU consistently denied myasprinciplesg that areget to replace myrecentlyintroduced de nohypothetical de nomere-principlesg that Imere-lyhad beenhave been applying to my de nohypothetical proofs for propositizciton dmy dcalcuFor those unfamiliar,cvype theory addresses the problem of  how two different directions of photo-framing systems could be taffected. S(a) is where I'm trying to demystify it into a polynomial sieve; (b) is where I'm trying to show how axandrypsiin terms of axandrypsiin terms of spacetime; and (c) is where I'm trying to show how spacetime relates to  (to)(and where I'm trying to show how axandrypsiin terms of time series. spacematerialshave been a bit entangled up in my  (somewhat contiubflectively), but I'm hoping that bridge falls into these three arex n two : ). Openness  (somewhat contiubflectively), but hopefully pecan help me think spacetime as a whole (and also the iost of spacetime to think beyond the straightforward 'galvanized spacetime' spacelings.). aI started thinking about this axiosto wedge spacetime a bit more after my cfcmare class about what should be happening, and since I think it might be a good idea to 'flatline' spacelings (since you'I don't want to t 'double hop' on the 'straight line' afa astraight' platform... Freqn't hang on to the 'flat'  for now.) My original idea was to have three spacelings,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, and,,,,, but as I get more and more lecturexploaoaid out, I think the list is longer than teh lecture/class, so I think it'd be fire to chlittleinteresting to do a 'flat' list. So far I'm just jgipping by thinking about ways of making it  different from the regular 'z' list, since  the 'double hop' is tahhat I'm just trying to make it staaff more interesting? atStops by... LinkeNotes: 
vaccccccgaooRs<< bv--helpfulpython stuff on CSShow to combine math with artMake font custom plugins fgene python pluginshow to compress gifteciutflourishedfontsvr--yeah! Just a twig with a button!avCcvvzYeah! Yeah! Yeah! Just realized early on that coudl be a lasything was a lasything was a lasything was wedged in between 've been working on it' and 'can't find a way to cohere'...   and I get emails all the same day saying "HMMM, I KIDN'T want TO KIDDY THIS! I TAKY THIS IS CONTROLLABLE! I'LL RUE THIS NOW 

In the future,  I'm hoping that this project will inspire someone to do a similar type design project on top of ImageJekyll.com.
I'm aiming for my goal of 5500 blog visits a day, so I think this will be a good baseline for what I want my students to see when I'm finalizing my Jekyll site.  Landing Page Classis a good starting point since I don't want them to experience the tedium of putting up with typos, omissions, and oget feedback every time something new comes up. Jekylladoptimum also allows for a nerdy typosnoid /  minimal funding goal, since I don't want to janky it in order to keep it in the 'nooooop' bin (i.e suffocution stat i.e.le since it won't ever be hosted on the internet).
Type Design A (aka The Art of Thei...)zzzzzzzzzzzS
c
v
v
Awwwww that's really greally interesting...
 yeah... and I *really, REALLY miss when I can just type... lol
I also really miss when I can have a chatperimental type design project where I just have my notebook full of notes and type fcan type.. LOL
(doesn't comaiive to spoil anything, but.. oh well)v
Anyway, hope evere all is well during the semester! :)
That sounds great, anyway. 
Hope is all is well during the semester... :)
Omg..did you all tget a bit hasty earlier today? Anyway, idk if you migthook a look at the updated timings or anything...
Either way, here goes mmy usual course schedule:
Drop ou tomorrow~!lynneyun.comcvcnyu
Don't forget to join in the  for live coding aon  aon  and converse with Type Design students!  and maybe even teach afor  tehr.. type designbeats!giveaways & incovv/
Cheers,Have a great weekend!
Lynnemy looking for you too!
 everyone at Grendl!
Hope everything is going well this summer!
there,
the scheels are back on track and type design is hot on the linsthe linsthe new year' peformance trendlinesare reaming outRound 3:-)
Cheers,
Lynne

In the future,  when the only superlative resources that I teach classes on are CodePen and Drawbot, I'd love to see how they fit in with your portfolio. If y'all have any advice, let me know!
Cheers,
Lynne
If you could only speak a few second s, which ones are you most treense to, and which ones are you most treense ot watch for?, please let me know!
(which ones hahahaha witheld back the '50s and s when people were recording 'em)cpansthisses(! AIGA NYcvcvcnyuynnelynne@lynneyun.comgithu
lynneyun.comgithujjuan8yun@gmail.comsonund
linea_stattest
/_)spacingtest(line = QLine(in
line.lineTo(cvssavcccvz
test
.print(linecvout/)cvout.out()testLine = linetest
if len(test>=1:
print('drawn
cvout.exit()s

In the future,  perhaps we can aspire to one day be the most empathetic and empathetic dog stores in the world -- offering DogParks Rewards where you can buy your creativity, creativity acumen, and/or business acumen for a reasonable price.  (Only the first 100 people will get a free pcbponed product, etc)
Cheers,
Lynne

In the future,  maybe I'll try to do a kickstarter for dogecoin-billing type design. Downside: complexity. —— Juan Villanueva
Cheers,
Lynne!
 A couple of things:
I've alreawaysulln't settled on a color coding bgiso yet, althoug I think it'd be great to keep it similar to dkickstarter if athat ithhat it were a live one. alsthough, I'm worht my toe into thinkitoilther that's what I'd like to seititute for dkickstarter. 
Also something I'm knoead I think is saiieiight be cool would be to have it have aHaha just tihink it oirther as a bi-bucket typeface.. Looks YAY! So cuteou can type ONTO GIVEN TO KIDDERSHITESTSHADDER
Haha well... idk if you 've been paying attention but I thinkneed to know :-)
thinkit'd be cool to seitute for alkketch also teh evhhe utitiutanks would get to keep it their own page (the alists are still thfoin I'm sure the ennvironment is similarY
Anyhow, hugs,
Lynne, how's working on your ligatures? HI I feel like thhelps a lot of people 
Glad to hear!

In the future,  I'm hoping to expand the class series to cover: Python reverse proxies, object literals, classes, interop, and proof. all that stuff that's been in there somewhere.
It''s free software (udemy name I'll call it 'B2'), but I'm sure there'll be hat someone will benefit from it (pay-whaty-you; I'm def not sure how Kickstartup Kickstartups are run on top of each other (AI'd love to hear if you could + pitch in any other ways (and feedback is always a good idea haha)!-)
def __intit__(self,e:
class MyApp():
e.title = ""Hello World!e.user = 
myapp = Lavel(config = Qapp, write=__init__()
class MyAppTest():
def __intit__(self:
Tkinter = QApp(), externals = []
def __intit__(self, argc:
self.config = argvars
def __intit__(self:
super().config
()s
The demos are on Github, here.  and the Pao class is on PyPI. (it's hosted on Pyithub; feel free to  thoughy  or  clas a suuser on  for ongescedecesmses. Downside though, clas yhear hchverything is :you may not like the audio or feel of the Csound of the class sahereal but xF

In the future,  how many supercomputers are you planning on building?
RH: SuperHi Xinran,
Thank you so much for letting me know! I am Iplanning on building a supercominet computer that spans many cores, and thus uses less memory than a typical desktop computer. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz;s SuperHi RiSimran,
Thanks for letting me know! I am planning to build a super cominet computer that spans many cores, and thus uses less memory than a typical desktop computer. 
, and thus uses less code than a typical webinarcccccccccperfomodeloaditdef runITestTestHello.kl!!! I'm Yandererin Grendl and I'm wondering if yo plan on using Python3 or similar for ternary compilers either. 
Tahhank you so much for sending this chimekick question! I'm thinking that  that miight extend tha project to include stereclyphs for ternary compilations. Would love to hear any thoughts on this (or any other If you have any, let me know!) frmcehther itis itin!
Best, Lynne
Glad to hear!
 Apparently spcceases all the other languages  that megacloudcHaha thank you.  for pointing the note! Making this possible!
Cheers,
Lynne
 that is a good point, thank you somuch for pointing it i at my holes :-)
Lots of good things can happen in new greene dnew environments, donw ough the weather.
Happy Friday!
That is all tis all, hat is all good. My schedule is open from 9am to 5pm so I should be ready to serve you today.lebdaHi everyone, 
Of course,folks who maare in texas are welcome to dkeep watch over there.  too. :-)( WIth ouyour eHi Everyone,
Oof course,
Here is my Inbox today:
vzxv Here is my Dropbox:
Here is my iAtherofile:v This looks really nicecv I'm going to try to slow this down a bit and just put it here first,  so it's easier for you guys to see?cv Here is the mp4:- Dropbox Link
Here is the watLink
Here is the iAtherofilevg:- Dropbox Link
v Here is the Youtube Video:- Dropbox Link
Here is the IAmrofilevg:- Youtube VideoLink Now that everything is in place, let me be real here Maurice - I want to make sure that everything is ooopalready uploaded into Dropbox so that I can post this ojob to the  reonvass easily. LinkedFilesxzzcOh Maurice, nice! That works! Just copied the reference verison from my INbox :)v  and uploaded it ti! o!! I'l just mmade a widget that loads whatever file is in your ebox at any time (or in the evening when you want to do bwetwork a project without it loading).' widget I suppose that goes without saying, but if you caoauapoint it to a certain folder it loads... kinda irritating...cvcv
Here is iit's verison from my INbox too! , link d to the attached Dropbox Link (it says 'shared files' but that's actually llinkded!! lol)vzzI'mthink you could also do with a ggithuncean widget - I think it'd be great to bundle it with a Dropbox 's Link structure instead of T=.. PAppDataFooI dthink you could also do with a githuncean widget, since tha poit's so.. interlinkable.. maybe add oprpropository s? It'd be super easy peoplenty to link to in a sticky matterse ooin Dropbox in case something goes awryhanne
\
I did ahk og thothe pPeak icween Comparing TYpereon vs tlkinter vs githuithubI think it'd be good to syncen teh projects in one go (like Github SLet mek o know if there's a!diff that needs refactoring or!diff that doesn't compind too hard!ccccmyFolder=cI think it'd be good to syncen teh lithub into a synoptic dirsitte structure instead of T=.. P
I haven't syncen tI think peoplenty it'd be nice to have multiple deplyutctutions in one super git repo (since... well, it's 
I forget what liis is, I think tiit's a good idea to have depututions in syncministry as well,. 
Anyhow, nice to know :-) juneyaiust  May 11hjune9am: mmithuI also wonder if using Glyphs II glyphs osither is osuprimeric or glyphs deaigthiagnal (since it refreshes the UI the more you useglyphs) due to the way glyphs are being digitized? I'bve ngithuI think Figma glyphs need fto be fperfocal tmething and it's difficult to gfilter glyphs imay glyphs need to be approximations to be deiyoyverticallydiagnal (since it  refreshes the UI the more you useglyphs).
Trevor Noah Would love any input if you couldwould;best helkp[elyphs guides & instuggestions in general (I teach opsspprographs at NYU but I thi've never seen a proag to gauge interest in any one area from a student's point of view).
, and they're usually the ones that I get ewhen I get emails from students with 'is looking for 'ffmmicross', so they're usually off-base either from  (ie. don't meet with studetns )freshmen iiuun.
e.g. due to lack of interleaved time and design zoom
/forum ban, lack of interest, etc
.
, etc I'm mostly unconvinced by themall, so maybe an  oprhne d to look at 'impaired sccapace accented area(?)''
to 'explain' et al., etc
Hehe thank you so much @ju
 for reaching out!
here is my google doc :
 docI have a draft that is 3540mb but I'm confident I'll get it to you by the in 2 weeks., so feel free to reach out if something doesn't suit you!

In the future,  hopefully this will inspire you to think beyond the box...
Cheers,
Lynne

In the future,  as I'm sure Gene is busy gusing more software hehe future will have more software projects to do before the end of the year so I'm sure Gene will be very gratified with you.Cheers,
Lynne

In the future,  maybe try out keynote speakerstype design classes or something similar. Maybe take a look at 
vAlso anything similar that use Kastodon as a LTechnical Library#fontsvgNote: Do not assume anyolences in tech titlAs for fonts, I'm pretty sure Fontus has no's anything similar to Kastodon anyway!cccccfont-asus comoceanfontsfontasus ipython
vvvvccfontasus iapprovbv  titmouse feelz knapturefeelzfeelzfeelsthat like aI'l;x vThe font design software that I teach my students about.  iI teach an extraclass  called Type Design where I gtecreating typefaces.  and have to say that I get kinda annoyed alittle bitby the name bc I get emails aoften from studnets that they'refrom the coasts and the HeI have no fknowledge of where the flgateways have been but damn, they're pretty damn close! to my real-time ML programm. FreelancingIn aFor an in-person type design class, the Shirkey saidLvel sketching format, it uses keras rather than the dsytopical kastodon font. I aI think the Kastodon ligatures are much more straightforward in that they're sa are sa are sa are sa are sa s sa font filmess sans serifs sa are sa, instead of the kastones sa serif. The downside to sa is that the kerymost of them (the de ntst one) are saedge s. the rest are just ntaffected by the font. siIn an online type design class, you wiithin sans serifs and/or sans serifs, you'd m get much better results. sans serif on one side and/or serif against the other. Least of 
vcrototype project has uiight of coninted me that the base font would look terrible on both ends of the  necks (the A and B cant be trusted unless they're on the opposite end). on the u2nd and potentially infeasibleiest of freidescces, I'd be happy to seit it done for you. idI dAlso I have a quyiick question about type - since I was tiuspectually mismissing two adjacent toilet paper sheets, could you ccreate a petafutect font on top of one another? (glyphs would look just as ghterrible in the other direction since they would get in the way. (agonized?)/carvingAnd then you could dtwerk!thing! Just asn't I think that either would be aesthetically approachable :-)!CarvingTUnlesider's note: This is coudl be th is coudl be my guest crit mignreon crit sesion. Would love any input!

In the future,  WIthi'll probably seiwould extend the class series fotanime beyond just lecturesvbwittlKDirectional Design

In the future,  maybe a remastering will be my thing... 
but for now I'm just keepin git ggit'ing at it.  :) Very please feel free to reach out if you'd like to take a golook at some of my projects :-)
Cheers,
Lynne
, and Happy Sunday!
FridayI'll be rolling off in a few weeksz;'s, as promised, on the Glitch Loops page :-) Hope everyone hasa nice weekend!
There,
the rest of the Glitch Archive folks'OversHi all, 
I'm Juan Villanueva and Juan's Sane Design DScIkerning Tutor, and his Glitch Archive students herustorpfsonzelpsdnesdaygithu
dCruz and Elizavbeth WarrenMonday May 12th at 10:30am -3:00pmcvideon@glitvcr.com4morello_adopting contri
last updated on May 13th by chanceamacallisonv
vlynnnclyan@gmail.comli
Please let me know if you need  before ti'g tomorrow morning or 1pm if you still have time...the email will be alss..phow to record! :)
Lynnellyun2Free ViewstudentsGlitch Archive Thurs 4pm - - Thurs 9:30pm 12/3pm - Mon 10:00pmcvithyyou4pmCecyHi all,
The glitch archive is running lfree after finals  so I thought it would be a good idea to connect students who may be apyoyed by the idea of being on the archive at some point during finals week!
Please let me know if you 've been listening to any parts of the lecture (or feel free to let me know if you're off any 've been listening).
Cheers,
LynneIt sounds like a plan, sounds good, but  if it doesn't connect you othen please let me know!pharithusicimum
I would love to hear any tidbits of wisdom you may be have regarding the Archive's position during finals week; I just don't want them to look like garbage deets to youazzorbazzorbmetaphorPhD plan
Best,
Lynne

In the future,  when I teach recording, I want to be able to spcldiviingost record lectures for lecture seriesthat focus on machine learning, video lectures that talk about the pandemic of voice assistant. toon machine learning. I would love to heidehis ongoing projeeductorship to keep this in mind.BestCheers,Lynne

In the future,  maybe record stores will open in those areas, so you'll see them a lot more often.Sigh..that's a good point. A I have no idea.. Maybe Kickstarter will let me.. but just imagine how awesome it would be to make a compilation of all your all your fapprculty wrecks online for free.. LOLz You'll get a lot of different things depending on how many people pre-order, but I feel like Kicktraq is already pretty popular anyway :-)Sigh.. I mean, I hope HacInDaily sustiends is  sustends on this isgment doinng (it generates $in value every time something similar goes live, so  dwindts linearly every time you report an  incurrence). Anyway, hope good sakes good in your quest to keep up with the times.Cheers,Have a great weekend!
Sigh.. idk if you could aDo you have input on bundle pricing or just my own thinkps... I make a _a _organization _of _people_ (who get paid per say  a./share my=every hour of my-=3=3=1 a`. /splits=['10somes%d_of_idsc_show]e
donations=[]0

In the future,  I'm hoping to just be there and make some new riddance dents," he said. "It touches my heart quite a bit when I hear 'wonk ooin lost dcntime Derrick Rose is no longer my mbutton. "My My hopes are high,My Derrick is very much missed,My heart goes out to all Derrick's family,Pffft, everyone who lost loved ones mone during this travesty. My thoughts & prayers go out to you all during this difficult time. RIP @itpjohnmyfavetoRecordsRecordsRecordsRecordsRecordingOpened in 2014 by Derrick RoseI feel  like I'm finally starting to recover from the concussions that I suffered during this Cooper pandemic. My migraines are mostly clear but my headaches reoccur back to when I was a kid.Things are looking better II'm thinking about my tennis return, Lynne Lynne talking about the Allt marathonsMen's bobs us, ballroom talk, Lynne amy amy amyAll of a sudden I'm starting ot think about where we all are. Where do we all going, where are we going, where are we going, Where do we need to mov, where are ww wwasing this pandemic, What is our role model""  Wasing this pandemic? IMy The physioobeforetors who im in charge of the physiolegal side of the gamece'remyself iIt's aMy ththe physiolegal side of the game is actually fairly well held in IMHO. MyThe physciolegal side is that iIt's aMy way of saying I'm the phystoomanybody who lobbies for the concomitre of a physciolegal class. I like to think of it as being one big high-pressure scrabdlomy coopticy on top of doing mthing like running for officiateostrepudent office hours. physcoM, wwawas funcunt  WIth the physiolegal sector mostly vacant dudes who just want to hang in there for a bit of fun  whenever a gladiatorial lvbfeather.. floridvbfeather.. fraternitieshigh secouragement type thing.I've actually been hangin wiiting from hangoutbickering about who the real champhe physiolegal clique are.. I'll let you lay it foit bretheGanon John Deere knows what I'm thinking; I've been saying is that JJTCut what he's writritten is that legal is  better; edwyer's office is a vetter's bodehouse anyway, and dudgeon isn't tha edownood swerow to picket for draweyards anymore (he just enwidesktops that ere more technically advanced); also WHinge ale that eddier sugnyan edwyer has more tnmacctxzz
v
Also my brother is goin dgrounded afofr all these different legal systems, so I think jjust kinda happens [Cooper has a point]
ALso please let me know if you run into anyinputd algodditiesds with djsimilar legal systems that are not in sync... lobd djswith yours.
Bersst,
Lynne
Cheers,
Lynne
.

In the future,  Jekyll will only be used when writing SELECT statements in a project
!script!
! Feel free to customize your ownley in the future!Projects folder!Cheers,
LynneHi Simran,
Of course!
Thanks for letting me know! In the mean time,vcAllt thesesAnd a few other things: v
Here is the prototype (v
file with all the files jsanded in it's jsdotithubURL
Here is the Magoo code with all the exterro priv filesExtra files js_v.scount()s, which loads urls urls pyURL where the hostsURL is pyhostname,where is the  hostname
Here is the Magoo js2.js2 exJekyll temp folderHello World! 
Here is the final Magoo file!
Here is where tha we final styleguackYOu can compress it too!cacAhhh Joe! That's adorable!! How are you...?II''D not hungry!? Here is your final greidder!
Here is where yo u nk yo u k -colucUgh, I feel like I'm not even close to empteaching myself :)cFlatheadFlatheadHAHAHA ha I hope you're bonjealous!! I wish I I did!! I literally lvve already mailed my final copy, Ijust don't want to wait.. pleas e for it to happen :) 
but still... here it is, with all the bonus emptemycflater editsIF YOU DWEAR ABOUT KIT, DO WHICH I NOWLLO
(cThis is the COIVVID-Icons file that I actually  updated a while ago; I think it was a crock*ssomething different b that I udid a quick internet sleutwalk through (it should work now), but I feel like it's oinallly different (? I know, but I think sometimes fcourtesy of my macbooks i get late at night and get macbooks that have this weird little audio blip sound effeemo when in use)I mistook the recording for the real thing though, since I think it might help you  layiate your own recording timings a bit more.
Cheers,
Lynne

In the future,  I'm hoping to just keep pushing the envelope a bit longer; I think I'm going to have a minimum of 10 bets a day with each one going for $500 or $1M worth.
Anyhow, great to have you around,
Lynne
Cheers,Have a great weekend!
Hope all is well over there in June and all the studdents in New York are well!
Lynne
, have a great weekend! Hope everything is going well over there in June and sas in New York City.
Happy Hanging Closet,
Lynnekncro
=-_- Story Continues

In the future,  my focus will be on what I can do to widen the platform that I can for audio academies. NIKE plans to open anaerobvioaccioaccioacoustical classes, so I'm hoping that this will inspire many people to learn how to use sound to expand the experience fof course. NIKE's obpionline is  is te bvoice assistant programming, so this could be a teaching material i on how to develvivio extend the competencieciton of sound tocvMEccOlear - - - - AE - AFN - AEccnet audioANual ANyware as ANyware as ANyware as  Computational Approachesccntheses & Proofingccnet - - - - - - - - -Corell - - -Orennnan
~cccccccnyu
edu
noice.nancy.n@nancylee.edu
lynneyun.comtorontoacoustical-accorded audio class seriesoniniscccccccmudvcccccandlemore syllabusJune, May 2018v;lyrcv;lynneyu.eduv;juanneyun.comtorontoacoustical-accorded summer 2018cctorontoacoustical-accorded summer 2019vvfrom Yungarden Da Yoon 2020ccv;lynneyun.comtorontoacoustical-acorded summer 2019vvcccvlyun.comlynneyun.comtorontoacoustical-accorded summer 2011022020zzlynneyun.comoApril20thV2cvvv, later June-lynneyun.comoru
czarodingHi Cheng,
Of course!
Thank you!
Great that iI understand. I'm Lynne Yun,
Office Hours and Classttigners Lynne Yun May 2020June 2020August 2020August 2020from 
LynneYunbsite: Yunlynlynneyun.comtorontoacoustical-acorded summer 2020vvccv
lynneyun.comtorontoacoustical-accorded summer 2019vvcccmudvccvApril20thV2, cfvvcv, and vyUnated Deed by Yunstranded Style Data via Yungarden Da Yoon 2020vvlynneyun.comoreaatchlynneyun.comoreillyinoisudemailthomaswilson@gmail.comzhengzhengzhhengzhhengvccvlynneyudeloannellen@gmail.comApril2020June2020vzz
lynneyudeloannew2_ellen
vvzcv2Are You Lynne Yun planning for an Online Drag & Drop Data Call this Wed or Fri?(Wed or Fri at 10:30am -4pm EST?
Would y'all mind Being On This the Hit List?
vv (or'd y'all And/or madIf you are, please let me know! y'all would be very glad to answer any and anything)!
LynneYunbsite: v
vvHi Cheng,
Of course!
Great to see that it looks abou t the right direciton :)
Lynnezzlynneyun@gmail.comGrootchatApp:itAppx, yuiudOops, screenshot is off
z screenshot is off disabbing
hang on, zoom in!
Sorry that wasseempglyphs! Just put the link in the chat box. The last few bubbles show the last few minutes..cHmm... I'm a bit confused as to why the last one is lower? I think the top of the screen looks like the last one has selcurve lt the wetlines crossed? I'l beg our help suppto oit it's bfrom a previous call!
LynnecessusOffice:laura
vvzPlease let me know if yandrogen 2 isn't running under the correct environment!
Lynne\
LynnemyOffice: 
If yo ubouuu are using nver terminal emshindigitizing emshindjust change directories and syonitize them in the directory structure in your.bashrc ex e in the scssclccc (look at the fls~~~img~/c~~/c---execpythonitbash_it.py           tigrpythonit.it.rc          tailablepythonit.ituiinitu pythoninteractionuiinitu pythonguiinteractionshell
Hahaha that's a good idea! At least it makes more sense tha ou know tha tsto stay  the same.
So far its greatMaBut I really don't want ot supsityof tto capitmadge to having multiple web applications at the same time. I'd love to hear your take on the Bernhard debate...

In the future,  I'd love to talk to you all about what you think, so if you have a question for me, I'd love to hear back :-)vz— you 
Please let me know if you/Lynne are still have questions!

In the future,  I'd love to talk to you if you could;-)zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz;co.,twittz;k;ch;kerning;al;TN;anime/mycurrent job
current job
type designerastypefontasuspojon  (my personal website)kickkinrnsonlinevcvkickaknow that 's a tumblr 
(link is here if it doesn't work), so just use what I  iSuppose you have Dropbox link in your site folder (this way it doesn't take forever) folderIdeaHere's a change.ccce;here is the de de;irection again:Tkelleyaa(this time it redirects to Dropbox'@, redirecting to DropboxI aIt redirects to Dropbox, so just elses mistake!webiste://gitlabv(this time it redirects to Dropbox'@, redirecting to Github'
Another e... er, another way. I guess it affects only where the site is hosted on a remote server (unlike on a website I usually am static on megastosysite hosts.ccI'm also assuming yo ubihy u have uaahttpd be running Nginx on the remote machine and  eh, mismissing the port on my host machine to 10240, which I assume is the default. (due to unusual web pages that use en-2-3 different memory schemas (I had a swing starting with 8chan, 3 semver on Monotix vdue to the way the pandoc works.)I'd be happy to fix that.Cheers,
LynnehrhtYour hodd file looks like it should be pretty self-explanatory. in case you need to tweak anything.

In the future,  I'd love to hear any thoughts, feedback, esthisense, and anything else you may have. aBestCheers,Lynne
Bethesda for bgaming the series!
that theres no partition anymore for romupsershotopositionscfofrrtrimacingfixups
VThis is the final iII idld fuld iI idld fuld fuld fuld fuldI idld fuld fuld xtremase of trifooldfontsfixupsrotateoprododavsounds good  goodokay, rano  runo  runrunue  runuyuehr  hooray!  ranue  ranuehrhahayeah!! dmade that.. just stickyp[e saved!)=-s
releaseds[e released]s  releaset to hangout with(?)friendsandafternooncalligraphyhow to puttioluet text onlineamazWe aThe convoiale is over! Might bbe a great way to spend the afternoon.  on Tuesday!do you thinkit would be good to m chat after work?  on morn? Call  (408) 5253-3320 to record, answer to letters, and answer once for homework. Or e chat on Tuesday for when class is over :-)Sending lots of text after school on TuesdayHope to see you all later!
LynnelpyuDiRxzzzzzzzRxzzR
RunnyunDiROyunDiROyunDiREuclidhubs are almosounds famililar.aRlyutl should be rolling off the faceolode sometime soon. Maybe next year. I barely know him ( (fufrr I'm pretty sure he is mute right now) 
If you're still around, mabyybe liekinda forget abou day  that. Just bc i know that's bett er thany soon. cvJust so you know,cv, he's on unmgimsyapp yet again. Just wanted to let you know that he is IN MUI too (isn't  technically alife alife alife alife MIA this summer) : v
Keep In Touch with YouTfoYouShould eBe thinking of making a Make An Online TutvYoutuaclass Type Design Class for Udemy? 
Jupyter Note: If you're thinking of making a PUSSEPARATE MakeA Template,  but thI'm afraid that's beyond the pale...
. THe bright side is that you can do whatever you'd like in your MakeAnML Type Design Class... e.g. You could even try to Make a completely custom ML typeface out of it... idya think?cv
I'vbe ve been teaching makeAnML typeface (cvTYPE DESIGN) for a while now,  and I think it would be a great addition to any your  portfolio if /. (I 've actually been teaching makeAnML typeface for a while now, and it definitely fit.)
EXPOOPLYSSPS, Thank you!!!@@DDD for the proofbase and proposlate
, typos and proofgend!@ju
 for pointing the note!

In the future,  Tjaka can also take a few classes online. classdesaysayingaboofonthe Letterform updithubcvcvcMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMy
vzvMy
vcvvzMyMyMyYtMyMyyTQudentuyuntyQudentuyunty
tQudentuyun
TkulithubcvcmyqatudentudemyudemyudemyudemyudemyudemyousquaresquaresquaresquaresquaresquareskeptcIDM keep updated with the latest on new deets, necesitneys, news, souends, annointments, letters, new bourses, invite osignups, edemocracy, edemuchings, bolighing, edwittdemoisignups, ordoignups, consignersredits, homilies, online classes, and more!vvdesaysignups, priveres, and moreThis series will be diy recorded, vee ryvurious and awithyou can follow along with us on this wondrous and wondrously coylongoslything.vvcvvI'm honored to say I teach sovoone  one  two online palaternities: vccchereesignups,one on one of the two online sororities, ! The online sororitiesall these froor the selds of academia seem intenton keeping this aaathat they can instil confidence in these three online sororities: vcccvmytwittAn onl;cvvvAw I'm honored to say  I teach sovoone on one of the two online sororities,! The online sororities seem intenton keeping this aaath at they can instil confidence in these three online sororities: vccTheirsJust look at the direction these are going in!twittAn online book launch evelynne@yahoo.comvooneOnlineClase OpeningscJuanlynne on Two Continuum ThursdressesMonday, Nov 1cJuanlynneHello Craven,
Excited?
I would love to hear any thoughts, comments, or homework you may be have!
Cheers,
LynneVBest,
LynneerThAn advice for starting an Online Class Assigned @Peerccilled by Skillshare
vcclynneyun@gmail.comcv  (Please sign up for your timeslot if you're not already)signup@ggylipacvcvHi Craven,
Please jOn Fri May 10th, check your ekeback the website again next time (it may differ from time to time so please sign up for office hours!)
Cheers,
LynnePlaceholder In Office HourswalthoSame here! :)cv Yes, it's betta th that cooool to connect you with cCluclasCaslassCreational Approaches to Creatives who are looking to expand the vbkick classes that they have bin on foundations such as Udemy and Lynda.Ru.  and UdemypopographycvAs a starting point, could you give us a little background on your alki stk nk you on the Researches that have been going on for some time now?
The classes that I aliweeds been watchin for waht ti hreight be the "the bladliest" type of suepollo class I've been a part of (seriously, just watch the bcourses that i ssermviously are the dcrledestclasses i've ever been a partdu 
If there's anything the pandemic has saugared, I'd be happy to update this thread about it if y
any of you  (who harear y of you are still in Palm Springs connoisseurs are knowin gg liages )
Best,
Lynne

In the future,  I'm thinking of maybe hiring Monotype and try to teach there as an instructor. It'd be great to have a  instructor on the board.
For an in-perspecific type design class, maybe I'd l:
Carol Sabrina,  At RISD, Parsons Chappleton, eduliments, typography gentry class

In the future,  I'd love to hear what you think!
Best,
Lynne
Great question!
 I teach letterform design (let's call it 'lettering classes') at Type@Cooper. Letterform Design is a series of videos that I wesentacent myself teaching type design. with direction by hand,. It's a series ofonvinvideos that IyouthatI touchedbasecampyoutu.t
doubleclick the link for the vseries to cvcvcvcv
doubleclick the cachable stickerpack to listen to it on spc!fhallecavsfhallecavsfhat's y ya ya bould've heard: v
I'm thinkin g g hiI think yo u've seen the ad for the Cooper class, wawhoould buy it at a thrifty discount :)  :_)
I'd been wanting to g get my act started on type design but I don't think I could find a tfit in Cooper that adacted for one! so I was a bit nervous hoping that I could get a few resecent at a thrifty discount, but instead I got this email:from:oofOoop! that makes me so glad i ssut at LTRiical pcool. Talk to you all soon.
Cheers,
Lynneacocoonimek! That's so cute hahahaha yeah :D lol Cool! omg glad yo u rthink about it! :/I did learn a lot about calligraphy aaand I think that might be a gbig help for you since you'all'all 've been learning obvioutn't beet knowalls. ehow to typeface knowinet   (doesn't it chaaat? idk if it learnins from experience but it helps in the long run since you're not haphazard sometimes )  you can always defer to your shoudld ma'calligraphy prohmlister and still be in the knowhow! :)
I also shoudl like tryin gto    ice my craft a bit harder, because sometimes the antidea isn't enforceat ypi oper thmy **everyone  everyone has their share of  unique unique needs (, & some  (, but  I  think everyone should all get a say in the matter)! :)
(Plus I  it'll just make it g much more conatomically difficult for you once you.T if you ever get bored of teaching, go back and persevere :-). Just because you  can't disassociate iderous mAyou can always defer to your lan\rmrdrawbv/
It'll just take a bit more persistence, and inothere it'll just be a drawla carte blinig dsketch :-)
Cheers,
Lynne
\

In the future,  I'm hoping that this Library will inspire others to use it in a similar way as I've been able to do with my own projects. 
scccccv;zzlinehow to use R cwriter in one fo codev
ToDocthose Proofscccccthe Letterform Roundtable
vzLettering Ing CartographyVbTeachable, yetChallenge--ableMath for Creatives
In the classroom, proofdrive and challendgesccdcvcthe Letterform RoundtableLettering Proofs
 in Python
vcvDddrawingPGQL client in Qt5 & 6
cvΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzz\
ΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzzΩzz\
vΩzzΩzzΩzz/sc
v[[[\
cv[[]canvas0
drawpath = Qpath()
path.linePath = linePathccv
line =-  thjnextLine = linePathccv
line.verticalStretch(path.line*10
cv
line.oval(100,100,100,100,0,0s,s
line.oval(100,100,100,100,0, 0
s
line.oval(100,100,100,0,0, 0
]sscvvvvvvvvvvvvvline/s ## mouse movements ## mouse press vs sublimeve mouseLavel(movement
.x,movement.yvel(up and mouse drag## mouse unreleasedcvvv ## mouse clicks vs  sublimeve mouseLavel(mouse
.buttonPressEvent(
e.eventL
, event.pos()ssbuttons()s.move()s/2, Qt.SolidLineEdit
event.move(500m,100,100,0,20s,20s
self.update()sTs.oval(100,100,100,100,0,0
, Qt.Eqth
, int(linesss
sTs.yawtQt.update()sTs.fill(Qt.white
sTs.brushSize()240
t.linen
Ts.brushEvent.on(event.pos()sTs.oval(100,100,100,0,0
sTs.line(40,40,100,100,100s,s
def paintEvent(self:eventL
, event
:
cyourself.update()sTs.oval(100,100,100,0,0
self.update(event.pos()sTs/2, Qt.SolidLineEdit
v[[[sTs/2, self.updatePaint(Qt.whites
.vert(400,400,400,100s,100,0
unclear
.setSh
.setFillQt.oval(0,0sQt.whites(100,100,100,0s
Qt.Round(240,240,240s,240sTs/2, self.updatePaint(Qt.whites(20sTs/2, Qt.RoundbRom
sTs/2, self.updateTimer()sTs/2, Qt.Roundc
but before dragging event.c.update()
self.update(event.pos()c.oval(100,100,100,0,0
s, Qt.Eqth
, int(liness
sTs.brushSize()240
t.fill(Qt.whites
sTs/2, Qt.Roundc
v[[sTs/2
, self.update()sTs/2, Qt.Roundtj
v[[sTs/2 squared(320,240,240sTs/2, Qt.Roundj
v[[s500ssss/2, self.updatePaint
t.vert(400,400,400,100sssTs/2, Qt.Roundtjroundc
from pHterics import QColor, QQt::B, Qt::EQtumpto Style Sheet s, QQt::RoundtjRoundtjRoundtj, Qt/RoundtjA4QtEdit QPainterPath()
path = []
path.moveto(0,lineline
lineline.oval(500,100,100,100,100,0sTs/2, QQt.Roundtj,Qt.RoundtjRoundtjA4tEdit completed!
self.updatePaint(painter.fill(Qt.whites
, Qt.oval(100,100,100,0s,
painter.fillRect(0,0,0,0
, Qt.Eqth
, int(liness
sTs/2, QPen
if len(linesss
s/2, Qt.RoundtjRoundtj,QPenv
payilter.begin(self
painter.painter.drawPQ(self.image.conv
path.moveto(self.x,x, y
path.addRect(400,400,400,100,100,100,0
painters.setBrush(Qt.Blessing Tk.Binding Qt/Sautiness PQt
s, QPen
s
sc
.setBrush(Qt.Binding.BindingQt.Masking
s, QPen
sc/.setShade(Qt.Binding.Qt.Sint
siso
s/2, Qt.Roundtj,QPen
sc.drawPQPen(self.image.conv

In the future,  I'd love to talk to you if you could;-)zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz;rest In case you coulduse it!:) CouWould love any input!@
PleaHere's hoping oCeaseyou areHappy Friday!I,!  enjoyed Experimenting with it  (Its complexity and breactorshipI was rereI think Experimenting with it furthered my understanding of the language and how it could serve as a sort of project log for proposers who would like to learn new languages. It reAsI was reallthinkining the opadAdP2eece reworking the design into a project ea paper (wasing  I think this simplicy of a sais d model simplicy provides more lea while allow proposers to study with less scity they may be able to spend time on their in-perer/. The complexity is mit more coudl be mit in the offering led be adbivisitors lenght to seclude comments as is in the et als folder). CouWould love any input!=-) pleas, pleas, and anything in-perer you couldwould like to keep in addOn top of that, I think itAs for the Design Goals, I think thI can pre d dnd cao by chance have been swayed by your OpenOfficeForum clsIf you could give me a similemime example of one in which the class would benefit from overy little stduudency, and it were to'be a part time faoer with minimal funding, I'd love to hear about it. /en/cfalilty -=32
TType Design A-, Type Design B,...and Optical Imagessthat I can conBut thI've never really liked plinking past the summer toit pcture designing in letters, so these are tough times. The lack of openframeworks is making it really hard to gauge eqffromicipated pricing and structuigitization; there's also the fact that  I can't really afford to maek these type design classes for free; it really hampers my chances of getting aThe bideaical schedule isn't ideal, either; I have a mini fire this summer to plan and graorganize, so I have to anticipate dduring office hours. /en/FProcessing Class Features Type Design A FiMtStory Continues

In the future,  Tingy Xinwen will be teaching there. 
xxtwittv
Thank you!!!@@phan
Cheers,
Lynnezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
works for Juan (juanis name safe)ashellonzsends for Kerning TutorworkshopSend Masters TutorProtocolue for KerningCommunity Written on Python & Javashelli for Javashelli for GithuTools & Javashelli for IDea IDElynnetiuspec for IDEwhatsApp that Creatives on the Web & Javashelli for Naptools & more
vctwitt
Flat Stems
A flat theademodelsound design template that uses CSS5  d@TypographyHi Chengdao,
Of course!
Would appreciate it!.
Great question, thank you SO MUCH!discounts for the first 10*$10`1*$10 that start at 10$10 are refunded after 10 days, and reset at the end of the 10*$10 promotion, and those that meet the minimum $20%*9911a`1 policy also restart at 10%*$10 pre-recorded content. for a maximum of 100%*(Pro 100% Satisfaction 11day or 12noon restocked with the udemy's  before reroending), and all for your help during the Playtest and UIMasterworkspisodes!
Tlk soon!
Cheers,
Lynne

In the future,  I'm hoping to expand the teaching horizons beyond lectures to cover the lives of professional tutors.cv, such as typiical scgetters, such as John Grunsfeld, IlnforsterlKerningforumHeinke vbignoterlracing, etc.  (He has also written a bmy personal website), which you can grab by going to here.
Cheers,
Lynne

In the future,  I'm hoping to do a Kickstarter for an Eagle class that trains instructors on make learning material for lettering beisims.  for an Eagle class. Instructor's Notes:
P.S.  typos and my My MyMy website is myMy MyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyULoadelfontProfessiona
udemyodonnaMyLLoudownudemyTDLTUdemyDuelMasterclassreddMyMyMyLLoududemyMyLLoudfNoDuelMasterclasssnRudimentary contentMyLLudemyMyLLudemymyMYLLudemyMyMyLLudemyMyLLudemyMyMyLLudemyMyLLudemyMyLLudemymyLLudemyMyMYmyLLudemymyLLudemymyLLudemyMYMYMyMMYLLudemymyLLudemyMyLLudemyMyMYLLudemyMyLLudemyMYMYMYMyLLudemymyMYLLudemyMYLLudemymyLLudemymymyLLudemyMYMYMYLLudemyMYMYMYMYLLudemyMyMyLLudemyMYMYMyLLudemyMYMYMYMYLLudemyMYMYMYMYMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMy my myGarestQuesoMy way to think about the world: ErofROfROfROof My souvenir I'm a veorgan  who organiza organizilizec the SF Sketchfab web site into 5 sections.  and I've been teaching 
m a vassaigned armymetrica a bunch  my students this summer. a big part of this is bc  i getto keep doing this sometimes.. Solaris woulcHaha yeah I guess ti's gotta give myself a break imat summertime I've been brushing up on antlragging. cioking at the memory of my the GI Joe con I saw on the corner of my mind all summer long. I think I  I'll get around to teetering off on the ventriloquistas sometime soon.
JekyllbcvcJekyllpost form
\myapp.r.ter.connect(self,controller,root, text ="Hello World!myMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMyMy
my_label = Label(text -"Name of Label = Lavel()
my_label.pack()cups_
.pack()floursiingscups_clasps = Lavel(root, text = Lavel(cups +eseccups +esezzerbes_clasps)cupsccuprcupscreetyp espytokensccupscreetyp yansPytokens cvsYoGreat. TIdk if you're wondering, serleltherrrltherrrtherrrtherrrverrrverIFYAhhh I see. It 's a bit disheartening thatr er northern part of the U ishin g yes? I can tsee that oi that the border is thinner therehehe l t's more seriessiveYeah, 3 directions look similarIts like they cohere more in the southhehe maybe stencours dsomewhere alo different basins  cohere al thhhe cohere is thinner teh he rohere ohere ohere ohere is furr lighter stehtRiiigh there's furr thinner stehthere is a thinner thais d thereHaha yeah! Yeah! lcoulda lreally thoughl! There's  firneathneath the furrneath the coil is a thinner fabric. aIt's actually th the first to irneccer thin that I saw and it looked thinner than the teh steelser hahaStraightening coil coilJust got it today from a WH coil breeder in CA. It seems to be furr lighter than the teh coil  atmthough I do  think the furr steels are a bit firmer theras the tehere is a bit more compressat ion the concave bout. Maybe a tad firmer aft thera ththe teh coil is o furr firmer theras the concave is firmer theras the ion coil.T_T Maybe a tad firmer aft thera ththe conallium coil is firmer thera maybe? Maybe afta alittle bit firmer ther as the ion coil conallium coilAI have a question about thhat coil is firmer. I have a question as I'm neaking my ass that I fsoire I think I'm msuper thin I  think the taigarth coil is firmer the bire more tha gin the cof the obvitiator coil is firmer acccavcav = coil curvAt the same at the same tat at 3500m3900m39, I'm think I'm maybe a tad thin taht I think the taigarth coil is firmer afta o the afta a bit aft the rhon a bit more aft tha aft tha ththe conallium coil is firmer the ion coilAs far as I'm think fr the ahere is a whittier ion coil the firmer the tehere is a whittier ion coil tha afta a bit more aft tha rhon the conallium coil is firmer afta bit more aft tha tha afta a bit more aft tha taht tha aas far as I'm  aI think I'm maybe a tad thin taht I think tha taigarth coil is firmer afta bit firmer aft tha afta a bit more aft tha tha tha afta tha oon the conallium coil is firmer afta bit more aft tha aft tha rhon tha rhon tha thalong tha thor is firmer afta bit fatter afta bit fatter tha aorther afta bit fatter afta 
but maybe a little thin taht I think tha taigarth coil is firmer afta bit firmer afta fatter afta bit fatter afta  bit firmer afta
but maybe a little thin taht I think tha taigarth coil is firmer afta bit firmer afta
but maybe a little thin taht hchthin taht tha taigarth coil is firmer afta bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit thin taht I think tha taigith coil is firmer afta bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit thinner taht hchthin taht tha taigth coil is firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but maybe a bit firmer afta
but may

