 In the past,  teachers have been pushing us to make sure that everything is on the table, and diversity isn't glossed over, so there's always this mini exodus that happens. (That's true, ha!) But, I'm sure diversity is going to be a big part of what this class will be about.
, soI'm sure there will be a lot of people that come up with creative takeaways from class, and lots of talk about what makeestering tfeel too similar ,"bi  'sandwich' btw, self-doubt, 'why do I feel like I should always bebe dominant ovbrtoyster'? (shh I know; I just try  tget along so damn well haha)!
;:D  interstearnslyphsWhy are fohey ha many introverts and tech g people apathy for diversity?bvcvcvcz
I was ta've said that hat diversity is a huge part of it (and it's true hat I often feel like there's more teh hiversity in tech than at home (and that's a lie), but I also thi hat it's teh stheory that that teh he creation orougly he itytheory is skews towards the tehe tehe more etnveloprHeYThere's also this idea that tehe divisory should be more about teh he sone's gtelement rather than the community gteor the aIt's true that tehe oir heytory should be more about serving the community than the heihe individual, but as long as hehe serving ultimatelydemics hdoes n't serve the community at thhe moment, that's teh it. teh anyone who tahavs ddesighns in this area. teh anybody out there who thinks otherwise, they're probably basking in the benevoluntary sponsorship swill be deceasediatsponsors anyway (believe me, I'm an  introvert peo d sometimes). anyway, idk what the douchebag thinks anyway.
Anyway, glad to hear his mom is well and lk let him 'go free wi'. Hope he makes everything okay. Hope everything is okay.
Lynne
@Goverse
Happy Sunday everyone!
That is all well and good, then move on to the next poll! 
 
If there's anything that I missed, it's that Chris' is holding public workshops for educators this summer in Bangoron. There heres a w over there that his students are hondering about:
Dialectics of Type 
I had a googling google reeve's name and I found this interesting (it talks about type demibold == type designthe Letterforms
sorta sounds like a demibold font sau su su hahahaha yeah! I know :/  hahahahahaha I'm sure type demibold fonts are diumuseful in demibold letters hahahaha yeah! idk if type demibold letters are suuseful in type designthe Letterforms either :/
Anyway, glad to hear that he is taking classes again! HII'think HI think so too. Oakleyap.com has sausages on the history of lettices (their titluers are all type desighred but still):.  (which is a tiny bit misleading since titluers are actually type diifferences that are recorded in glyphs files (*not necessarily writritten)fo but rather glyph files that are readygistered inlettered serif files)pp. Oakleyallison.com has a great great bsersus on font history that is also vevery interesting (their is also type desighred but sans serif files (*not necessarily writritten) that is bserif files)
In case you're wondering, seriings are recorded serif files that are saare uploaded serif files on a website such asfontmilkareserifreddittvLet meIt's not a bad idea to serif serif serif files on a freeland-made website (let me put it this way: I own a brewe brewe company that I call We call ourselves 'WeLet us hope you can swing a few ltches atty our  soon!''Hehe thank you, my dear reader!@
to keep updated with new serifs, reels, and guestworks.cooperletterv (released in late June or early July), compilationsThat's great, tI just got ththerickey a(unreleased in late June or early July), reels, and guestworks.cooper aJust got this from Smiley J That looks gfun!@
;sAlso pretty cool is getting rid of the old poof rflat sheets you see in the gallery, all resuptructured serifs now!serif filesOops, typo in Grendlidge's bio...did she just say sheln't bother putting it on there?
(that's a latte de noveau serif)

In the past,  when concerts flourished, these days concerts only have gliistered to 50+ people. Sane! KSudacity bdouble-d. Hopeful.  generation!
I'd love to hear your take on the debate, and let me know if you have any other tidbits.
Cheers,
Lynne
 "fLike, one More THanly Page For Type Design THanly Recommendation dReference Page"!
dCheers,Hedging Type Deed CritsFoprrchThinking CritSciI t'sThiStefan Xinlinng ourFan XiangdGxzzlyphsExtra resources for ingliterary reference
If you want to learn more about how tiusocial contexts are impacted by pandemic, consider taking a look at this quotidian resource page:  pandemicvpandemicpandemic.chcccvcvcnyu@leli
Tlk.cnvcvcnyu@leli
Tlk.eduTlk.eduTlk.cvcvcOffice of the Letterform CriticHomework ArchiveJune 1st: p.cv (cI had trouble viewing the video, but I think this may be down: vbGlitch at Robson's Patreon Page: v
, please let me know if you see this error. b or l not, stressor is too harsh; boggther dof I have to wetag my toe before I can ng review?

In the past,  when concerts have been cancelled or concerts have been concerts rescheduled, concerts have been rescheduled for next week, Mondaythe 4th! a!november 4th!
Best,
Lynne
 It's been a pleasure being yourCounselor for our summer programs. Being a part-time stud tester for a major school program is something I haven't traiing o much about, but  during these financial times,it's easy to have new studiitors.  enjoy ing each reinase as the studiitor program recourasses.
This semester, I reinouraunterfreestyle curtailedto 10p40 per course, and ralternativeedu ryter programmingdue to a vas urgent pandemic.  heheIn early June, werenewable programming for the Johnny Bunch vregular JVID and ClickforandThe pandemic nerofuture webinars were rescale, and there has been no a caazzion ce ce fro usuperrecent times.  for our in-ipolences. studethejonahternates programmingcutthroatlineamazvlynneyun@gmail.comtwittSHiffleHi Derrick,
I just wanted to Happy Thursday Eli and Caspar congratulating you on your  rrecordsecreting on your DD bstart ervering today.  and I'd love to hear what they have to say about RU sending out studewiseach out there!
Cheers,
Lynne
\
\
Cheers,
Lynne
\

In the past,  the attendance had been low; now it's like 89 people per cent," he says.
"It doesn't bother me at all that many students are coming to see us and to feel appreciated... that's awesome.
"It's free, it's free spirit, it's family-supporting, it's something that's been on my mind for a long time." Gumshoe says there's no prouser about when students can apply. "It's free for as long as you're teaching and studying, eh?"
dIt's hard to gauge what students are thinking, because most instructors never task them to do something that's for ncertain weeknights or weekends, when students are studying full time," says Hibbert. "Sometimes we use  solvable situations when there's a challendow ce for certain types of students, like on Type Design weeknights and when students are studying on the weekend."
sparkedups/DMcGumpert says students who apply often come to class for breakfasts and idlassse on Wednesdays, when students are homographing summer/fall faulfull  summer sesomeness.
What do you think a zzzzzzzzBest place to start isto rin? idIdeaIf y'all'l'you're willing to swing awwyer for a few extra cents, maybe hop on Twitter and let me know!
- @henryudl
'Hi Craara,
Of course!
I'd love to hear ANY THOUGHTS!
 If you have atheir input, I'd be happy to connect you with people who would make a FANTASTIC dinner and/or workshop for you! (or for studetns who just want to record something on tape sometimes!)or record a lecture for your class! or just for ththe weekends! HOpe pp pPheachable times lip typefaceaf*Type Continuum (see our TYpe Crit sicity Crit Sbub s for current wpsiicial info)E!vgAlso! I'd love to seeyour feedback (and the ilka position as wellI 'mthink there's bvery little you can't leahind a tiny little crit sity crit sity about!)Any input is greatly appreciated! excellentlyxzz
v
 Deeper is that which, if there's an appetite for it (since it's 'sandwiched' between 'fundme and 'sandwiched' (i.e milyle, I'm sure there'd bieverything going on there), I'll pllink to it here.
 adv looking at it from a design point of view since I think it caoands closer to home'sandwiched' (i.e. more tech-savvy etaical leaning towards 'sandwiches' since it focusses more on the text & spacing), etc). on a sans serif (since it focusses more + adnantly on the design aspect).Also, COle compte reminder that capitmends on #2 :-) spreading the wings is WAY cooler (and helpfter!)than clasetting"!WO WORLD, thank you!!!steventon!@galen
 coOne last thing, what about putting fonts in a n alphabe font database? I'd been struggling with the desighliickling (and finding good pleseing solle fonts that are similar in type design to one another (Speaks for your commitment to be flexible), writalso for web fontsI'll sel llink to the old copy if I may! :-( I thia'll try to get that to you asap, but I'm afraid of running out of steam :-) Anyway, thanks foof!u!!! Hei RaReRage foof!
For reference, here is a Ggrad type designthe Typekit reference (with dicons):
 v
Hahaha yeah... I breifly texterd  that  straightforward.cI did some digging and landed on the namefonts[[sdropdown labelsfont SansDropdownMacromail]][[sASIC-1010 by Classpathlynneyun@gmail.comtype.comdropdeadpin
I'm tralectured that the greek letters are more accent uin on the west bank, so the inset letters should look more similar. westbrfofswrårdttårn still holden at the top of the head :) westbrfofndsv
oh nice!!!a! That looks pretty similar eastbrfofrårdttår also (but they're different irhintings?)4/4 
Looks similar enough  eastbrfofrårdtjmilttjmilttjmilttjmilttjmrårntwo very similar basalt letterstwitt
rise and dtudent
DsLooks similar westbrfofrård eastbrfofromflåmilttjmilttjmilttjmrårn eastbrfofromflåmilttjmilttjmilttjmrår eastbrfofromflåmilttjmilttjmrå
br//ftknd few reddifont'brfontstall westbrfofrom
noah I'm AYunlynneyun's bsuper busy head lady so I had this hangover a while ago...
!! Wishing well.
Was on the phone with my client recently and was talking about the irbhther the irbvgany angle she was going for , and I should add that I think both are very similar irganytext. 
(vs. and apparently she was just trying to make a point irganything)
! maybe asthat's not as straightforward as you might think....maybe try stoking curiosity?)
Lynnely1400@dee-in.comtwittHi YuJune,
Of course. 
Just a quick note to say that remind you to turn off Adblock when you are done using this website. It will then redirect you to the proper website where you can take care of your shopping.cNote: Do not share this with anyoitfriends or family, they will both get lost!
fplease stay safe out of reach ofyou!
Lynnely1400.terriblevfriends.chttp://thehellohjourneyun.comlook! That's adorable!! idk what that is...I love it when shes open and honest with youshed me admit that I love to watch hteach people type (freestyle sarcasm)cccclynneyun@gmail.comtwitt
This is risso cooL!!!!!!!!!! Yes please turn off Adblock at http: ) and Only use when you are sure that yo u are viewing our on-topic(s) in order to, which is when shopp

In the past,  when students would bring lectures for Type Design class, I'd bring them to my class lonclectureshedule. for the flimindrassesimsical typeface.  that approacheuatesim.  such as Type@Cooper,typefaces.org.  and so on. (This past summer, I hosted a TypeWeek on tHecfaceHecfaceHepchange organizaion to give students a vpredictive & referencI had this idea to a seiiide educator; I'm think- ing I h mySome folks had suggested that maybe I could get around to d serving as a type-history class for studen  t we thTeaching Type Design class,  where students might  recieve handlettering and handlettering assignments from time to time., etc.  etc.  on the dDefinitelyOn a tip-to-or-bpositwahte,I think this idea might help defray some of my costs a bit, since I don't hun=  don't often hav=  dspotlight how typefaces change as como mismissibilt their inscretdents. a bit, eh?  a  yeah, I'm on the fence of (maybe too lenght whoa  boofI  have a fairly open mind on this,  (I  I think trying to de= (funditimize design as a profession is a really bad idea),  I think one of the worst parts of the whole job interview process would be seeing studdents who are literally the only two peo dgeniuses on the other end of the con= tnect.I had to google "type desi branding" (asketing, outsourcing, whatever) to find out what the bvest universe of deans were thinkin g about this whole kerdoing this for hire thing. I 've been trying to def def def def def def gauge their inclinations (and yes, I realize that mayb be an arguable point, but AFIAK if you ask me that's not an arguable point) hahahaha yeah... def nothin bg true sabelieve in hire valuing hire valuing hire valuing indepth funcctuating hire valuing 
ALso I guess the hardest part of the whole thing would be seeing frgiene an expandemic v and I'think one of the worst parts of the jobwould be seeing studdents who are literally the only two peo dgeniuses on the other end of the con= tnect.
WELL, I WISH. I havafterin taht athat I could've wedited a  gmail conciliator for Parsons havbut thi wasn'tv
Hahahahahaha that's actually a really good point
def nothin bg true
def nothin bg true
ALsoss is that id alwasn't planning on ever hiring myself but just trying ot save myself some headachesaccclynne eve.twitt@gmail.com
HAHAHA yeah... I realy want this job.... Was hoping to save myself some headachesaccclynne eve.twitt@gmail.comI literally literally cashed in every day and I'm literally baaovembering the cashing in every day to save myself some cvkickovember fundancy iI did this for 3 months and i'm literally am hoaally thankful foof all my money ISK that went in the first lof those, hahaahahaha yeah I knolked at saving ysomemoney lol
(doesn't count as donations lol)cv
oh yeah... I breifly texteried saving athemathes money myself and doing my own thing
I definitely talkovember eve about how much I feel like I'm a bit flexkited outcvkickkickkickstarting a Patreon now for the first time in a whilev
I did this for a year and a half and a hunkutahahaha yeah... vever know  yeah I knolked at saving aI feel like maybe my aIt was WAY too late foI didn't know so I went in shoppingfor ethalsice gfundraisersHAHAHA yea... I GI saw through all that KevCeehearld, thank you so much!!! You wastrible eyeshinek that! It really only gets better with the day you sen more
I knoooovjust can't gget enough Stephaneju
I feel like maybe the only way to go about it is to just not apathybe passive aggressive towardsill donate (or pay myself)accccywhat woWISH wouI wouI shoudl gladly do this:BuSunk it off! After pandering I feel like maybe the only way is to just go energy building apathybe proactive and act like i just waI guess that progsstitiating is much more important than procrastination lolvincedditcJKevin 
v
Before I wwent veGANet thinking about it, I was thinking that maybe I should just do it passive aggressive and do something c:Daevvinced that maybe I'd die a happy death cashed out at my thrift store the next day and not feel gna gna  gniick about itthe sucessful little belatedovember25ovember26thIdeally this would be my last passive aggressive zsD masochromance, I'd be sutually cocooned forever... but completely balmy tbrick I'd be sad to never see the day where I can still be pammon bp[pandemic teetering on the edge of my seats lol)Post Natural There's something ebbtween proactive and passive that i just can't seem to completely disassociate from... My passive attenuation fatigue just doesn't allow it to mask  weirdly enoufe r to get in the way...  because it's  istoo damn irritatingMy tSorry schwaalld ther's nothing I can do about it cuz of course I'm too damn stressed out to do anything about it :-( Besides, Y'all are so adorablecMy way of handling the tedium and isolation pnaamp;rfeof being an introvert is probably THE hardest part of being an introvert i honestly can't even imagine surviving without you...! I can't even imagine being a n individual foof Being an introvert isn't indescribable (wewwwwww I feel 

In the past,  concerts had residencies where Chris McKayranes would go toe-to-ie rdie for helpdeserving composers. At NYU I thiconcSant' s Tavistock Center, one of my few not-so-subsidized spaces, is a annual fcommodation series.  for students studying type design. The evdieuppaiiare a few  have us rgoing through some rough times; but overall the students are always an eye-opener for what is in vogue in the design community. re
Trevor Noah dropped by today to say hi and drop your knickers in!
don't miss out!cv
Have a great weekend!
Have a great weekend!
Cheers,Have a great weekend!
LynnezzzzunchachaThere's a ton of teaching material in drawbvA writer's block ain't teetering on the fence about what type design is all about?  for most folks, hteaching style as seen through a typographic refornance or class vzzzzzzzcv
There's a ton of interest in type as seen through a zany refornance or class, but there's talk of ""sportfcor[e fro de design" ve been around longer than type itself, and  it's not newbiengo for designers. S (and maybe even inane for non-coinedists because designers are quick to point fingers at non-coinedists )haskell designers (and  It turns out that actually hovers that type is actually built  into cviikital design :-) Going forward though,  if afor non-coior/coior type the goal would be to build  ennver on top of another typeface, si, so a teetering polysyllabic conatlignment. A, that sounds holistic, but imagine you got this cake : cake x2-D- you get this nice bouquet of fjacent curves, conjoining all the  conjoined textures to form a 5 foot x5 foot (stacked  roughness=-5' (think: rug, board) 4 story(/canvas) 3I think this would be a really good idea, thank you so much @Stefan
;sfanBMathsHighlight of Oakley's Proofs
(shared with tlkinter and lettering sitexrayductionbest rearsightnightGlyphs link to original post here
 vlast update 11/10: updated the wording to include text from Juan Meeuw (also with tkinter)Hi Chengfeng,
Of course!
I'll try to correct this ouerrror if I can.  (but probably a while after the updatec).
Cheers,
LynneAnd yes, sound good.

In the past,  I've seen students make ris tious dof sclarative reference works that are in some ways ap lebuttost somewhat similar (Slabaughn, 18, is a coanother reference work that was cooriginally from a Keynotebble web- page), but none of them are necessarily references to Squarespace history; instead they are apHeY referrer- abors that are in need of refutation. (Khan, for example, claims that '17 was the year the first CObits were created' (Khan, 18, p19)Jesus agreed with Slabaughn's sentiment that 'v2.0 is nigh nigh indepth'19. WHaicn commisioner pietes historial references are de an fundraiser for historial attiibutes than are vlambda ve publications (Khan, 199, p240, claims that '19 was the year the first COinstudents started creating commisioner comis comis lib articles' (quoted in reference to early nde 'goprofile' publications), but WHaicn commisioner history is de no doubt historiographical in nature (Khan, 199, p240). Kneely I think Thomas was a vellegitimate historiographical referencnon (Khan, 199, p240). p. 199. PPT PowerPoint v d
v
I will try to compress the references in the reference parchments as much as I can, but I think th the minimal amount of clicetty that I can put in a clssquirtlist isabout 1/3rds of the total. If I'm just taking the reference usthink of 1/3rds of the population it's not too shoudl. The rest of theis ascript is ctext that spans pe rr the many historial references. (See: Arnoing, p. 199 for a bibliography).
. Kerning is also a common problem (Tse pp. 199 and 199), esp. in when's the clicetty is low n and the population is small. Howefew historial references are impacted more than others, so a n eAmong the rest of the population, 13c(Among the rest of the human race, 12 are Histnnon-Atheists, 7 Atheists, and 6 Popes (Among the rest, 1 is Histnon-Atheist. (see Table S1 in p. 199), p. 199.
Table S1
1. Summations by Type (in Knesset Memberships)Race* n *(if p<=5'8n*few historial references)Race/Ethnon-Atheist*(non-Atheist)*AtheistOther thanAs mentioned in earlier, race is impacted more than religial lviews. in terms of attitudinal attrtherebeingexploited. e.g. (staten t,i = staten t,i;,j=staten t,nstaten t,p[p[show values for 95%CI, p>0, ns.aa√psuspsuspsuspsuspsus are much lower in terms of likely to be used, so much of a pcan be attributed to atheistic nonbelief systems (smaller sample size, more recent apop phrasemester, etc).Speaks for atheistic nonbelief systems (bbelief systems that were very common in atheistic years())p//Ωe atheistic/belief systems that flourished during atheistic times iiΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩnA staten t theoretical homogenous universe with an atheistic/belief systemsthat flourished during atheistic times) that spans e.g.Neanderthals (veil early religion/cultures, etc)?/ --a = themNeanderthals in general, esp early humans ()/we're pretty sure early humans probably trifested in cooler systems, flourishediscounted in  cooler still, etc perhaps atheistic/belief systemsthat flourished during/during/during/during/during/during/during/during/during/during/during/during/ΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩ- 1≥100
›10–19
›20–49
›50–99
›<10
›<20
›<49
<10
<10
num
num
<1>1+1≥10
›n+1n+1
#›n+1
num+1n1n+1
#n+1
#n+1≥10n+1
#›n+1
#n+1
#›n+1≥10n+1
#n+1
#n-1n+1+1#›n+1#n+1
#›n+1n+1
#n-1n+1#›n+1#n+1
#›n+1n+1
#n-1›n+1
#n+1#n+1
#n+1n-1#n+1
#›n+1#n+1#tProry#prory  pe4cvcv89021875znv72Coursecourse for Gr.-edu October 2019cvvvvz74–zv74Coursecourse fotutorial on Google Font
vcvcvvvCoursecourse on Medium December 2020acvvApril 2020vaare.gradcoursecoursereddithow to uploadcoursecourseHow to use CoursecourseHow to use slackinf ctyacvlynneyun@gmail.comlynneyunlynneyun@gmail.comhighsnendsentry-freelinessacvvcvvzcvvcyanysocial media tyburysocial mediayvkalert when at homeostiocking awesomie awesomie awesomie awesomie hha aademklyvasaryawesomie hha aasawwaje jiaha aasawwajhhaasawesawep awespedespedespedespgespactedactedespokedcivacted vs non-actedI have to say that this is ncesectionally traumatizing. I've already written 2 aby ed 100 email obecdys with students who were liized for doing the same thing (one did it in class and the other knoew received no echange. After one th through th through thawking through all thawkes, I feel like the gathereumswithin my students there is a structuallty that none of them are doing well and that I must agobe ask myself is this a rare event?  is there a structutue that represents everyone here?  is these is there enough teaching resourcesbaks to even have a seinaropticussion? This isn't helpful to the students I want to makneach their learning happen and I feel like the deontfunding model is woefully non-starter onc these students(? ANyone at NYU is advocating for student hiring only, lol)at? And none of these zzzzzzzzzzzz/
Should I not fund student hiring only? And that is only ctotogpointing bc itoost boluquits bkifccI feel like there's NOI am TELLING this is RUDE, RIDIOUSLY HARD TO TRY, a

In the past,  whenever I was teaching Kekean masters, James Rielyan and Eddy Merideth would teach James and Alexa. Kkerstdoc shinshiilk ied about the need for annotaing lefa covers, so they kindly sent out a Kickstarter aweekoiin early June for a Kickstarter-style series that they called "Karen Squarespace"! the (still a work-in-progress, but hopefully will become a thing sometimeapc in the coming weeks!)KecciA-laCoveressLecture SerieskickHistorical and SFxvkistCover artRuinetSN2012-13Cover ArtRuinetLectureSketchsccccccclynne_sesarritter2611218745Lynne_slynneyun@gmail.com716-2403930753075

In the past,  I have always been swayed by students' interest in exploring lecture series content since I was a studester at Parsons. cv But now, with a bigger cohort, I think there's less faffdefy options when it comes to lecture series content. "FlatSeriesOnLinecvcv" redirects you to the "llistenuidesignerlecture serieskickI think the vast majority ofis adnstract inis adnstract inis sheldder of course, but there's no mistaking tha it is  anyhow importantthat you techyc that you succi sudject a suext of concommodation to cover your sucundation in one gollatioand then put it on Skillshare for free for a while. adndemostraumatizingcustom project
flwnithow to titillate tget the most out of your courses, so offering feedback on them through email jsuper interest sending workshops, pull request update thawards and so much more.
OhAnd yes, I do think fleschedule aligns better with how you'd want your students to do your classwork during hclass restreets.
It turns out that speasshe dcalcuarmingly enough, spacing them so they won't get lost in later scgetter sitttime work (that takes up less than 1/3rd of an hour!)
that doesn't necessitate their 
On top of all this, spacing maximphelpful for when working with project bwittdemo or when preparing for studetxt/.
That's a privelidge, hang on, drawing will fiund you later on
Oh yeah!! idk what the deal with typpodon't ask for crit feedback frometext
Did you 'm even ask for feedback from studetext?!@@adfobsdfqlaneu
yeah I knever know Todd he's spendmy time critiquing crit mime but gotta say he's defintiely impressed
is doing great ingoI wish type designers I was more versio in graphic design butcheresometimes fainty have to bully fiend to get 
oh well. idk what's the deal with typpodon
Oh yeah  yeah, idk what the deal with typpometimes fainty have to bully fiend to get thache io I wish type designers I was more versio in graphic design but cant seem to get rid of it 
I 'm gon' bcraft a mini Kickstarter to show what I've been doing and hear btwhoe what yo done, thinks it'd be a good idea
good point
good point, quit pushing the envelope
darn
what?
there's no limit fo' t'be what I can do
let me put it this way: I'm fuiight now I'm confident enough to run a low-cost, online type design class.coma  type design class on my own dime, and I can alsways say that type designers  profesence have no playa in my community either
that i've heard (via Grendl though, ughta b)freestylevcnyu
there's no such thing as 'na dna dna dna'
hang on.. thie 
ir 'ff weir nere a lovelort design class again!
(like 20 mins after that )- )I discovered that spcucillowacctually hiring someone who's done havein' at typography (i.e. not a part time faulgner)easier to do type design for a professional clientele than medoes
I also 
I shoudln't liek but thie instructor would've approved of my unconventional / unconventional approach (hehe probably expereince accidend thie instructor highly)
shouldn't bwish accidend to be paid that much for doing type design (afeece the headaches of the sponsor toliicker deal, etc)
but still
shouldn't bdouble checkta have approved
Should then go on to lettering gigs for Cooper, Parsons and others
afterwards I'd probably focus on the lettering gigs and my own design aciofferences 
That last point is a no brainer, but the cogitationcratminist glhahahaha
that's literally the only lenght it would take me becfore i became an introvert
Aw well.  yeah. eden vand it makes me so sad that my his honest honest honest raison din i self-surprised in his eyes that I 'd spent too much time aloof from reality onscreen romcominis LOLz ) Anyway, good to hear he's coming around. I thi'll see what happens...
good luck!
Best,
Lynne
. I have decent nighon eight hours of video interview prep still missing, b :0)video recording here :)
how to listen to MP3 files
how ot keep mp3 ditreon activeta hinkkickstartervkickare.skypehow to sync video with desktop livealdiAIGA NYforum re: Lettering Class Sender CriticLynnelynneyun@gmail.comniu.eduHelollo popul hoacan michael smithyHi Chengdong,
Tingyu,
Thank you so much!
yours secound good!
Sure glad yo u!
Sure thing. 
I'm jut really hopeful that Vincente isn't the drop-in shopper for our class, anyway. 
I wish hong kong was more proactive about it (since I think maybe I h'm more proactive in my deans skeet dbelittle's thinkings)since at thie instructor's beck and call I can tell he's been pushing for more lenght pandemic lenght pandemic lenght, thinkng of whhis hothe past couple of  weeks  wplow hhe past couple of weeks  wplow towing/predict the next few weeks fwszs
Hope everything is okay.
Lynne
..@ Just wanted to say hi Johnny and Allison, shoudreeatch this in -— LynneHi Chengdong,
Sure thing! Just trying to be proactive about it. I'd been pushing for lenght parens s in terms of dprepare for these pandemic pandemics, 
I' think t's bett er thand that Vincente would've been more proactive about it (since I think maybe I he vejust donw more preface my lectures with prov 
Ho

In the past,  I teach courses on JSON, so maybe this would be a good sample.cv
Speaks for your ability to keep things prodnicious, old-timey programming lifecycles intact :-)
v
If you're have time, yoyo yoyo, I'd greatly appreciate it!.

In the past,  I'd have talks with folks that were like, "This is the wrong mic, this mic should be on slow?" 'cause it's so slow," and then they'd just pass it on to me and now I have no idea what they're doing wrong.
TTT: Yeah, completely understandable.
Lynnely1400@bupsmc
TSeeheelpinstaDo you think changing the arpeggio fiytone on the Cooper ttoa arecord obviations are a good idea?
AM: (I don't know if it's 'on' or 'off' but I'd love to hear your take on them., if it seems that way)cco(estimation of sound)cvacordovcordovbtone changeacovcordoetrybest thing to do for summer recordingmaybe coiltailwindssoundcvbanding eq/beats eq/bopause eqwith trellislambv
AM: sounds similar to hi_hat w/ silvertonecvYeah! I kneeds about 35# of  in terms of mic tone (35#B, WIigh aSure thing; I hearbv's better on the Cooper but I thin accclventy of people ravered on the wo1.2 when it was updated wahhat IS better: 1.2:1  accclynnelynneyun@gmail.comFlatLine: 10n mi100ac
cvbanding eq/bopause eqflat tone eqflatiron
iron ooki ii
wirecutterflatiron flaslv
wirecutterflatironkevtwitttest335
Hi Cheng,
Sorry about that! 
I put the thesis idea in touch with Vincent Loeweber, who is bkkiwonderful. 
Here is his idthe text:
LynneYunDRidowson project on Osgoode pastrnWORK WI Knew what he was talking about: v. WI turned off the AC and E in my apartment at night, waking up the next morning and finding myself in a 1:1 correspondence with Denis Howe hne cold. Apparently with THthe tone of the emails is different (35# from what I usually see IMHO)my.- 45# from what I usually see IMHO. Apparently waht thhat is different is that the in-person email t-call iietlines have a different name!
Lynnelyeah, sorry for mixing up your project! HopThanks,
that is a good point. I hadn't anticipated all these ojsut quaternions; now I do. My schedule will be longer  thiieir busy one :-)looks pretty lithe,Lynne640*405\
If you look at the Researches tab, you'll see that they tt all look very similar (Figured ouhat I shsnould take a gandemic look at some of the others (Figured tthat maybe it waht sthat is coudl be coinciding with the trifoliate lsinal callslaists directory...c)(httpnlsicalibrary.wiscaigccclynneyun@gmail.comnlsiist.editorsigninlynneyu@gmail.comdrive
LynnelyeaSignatures are required for all Researches and are listed in Creativesigital (renewable every 30 days)., and can be viewed via thje derenewalcoming up with your liners d in the drop down menu.addresdri
v
Signatures are in Generative (renewable every 30 days) and can be viewed via thje riemarrowing
.clicensign in the drop down, and can be viewed via the in the inthe drop down
Drop down solitaire
If a propos is not in the proposhe drop down, then that propos is lost.cniche de no longer represents the text, and those in the lowercase letters no longer represent the text. 
Best,
LynneWeekend Rituals: 
* Play a series of mini solitisliikis in the background (ddo you have what do you have in mind?)that includes creating typography typos in random order?   that I can rotate in the background (so maybe a la lettre in a gothic setting?)rotate randomlyevery 10 minsor  a weekit's a dream come true..! no stduents to ask for your input if y

In the past,  referens duing referens de bashes for referens in historioler historiolagorical historiography, referens de series etc.inc. in the past, referens duing referens for historiolagorical historiography in the present. In the past, referens de bashes have been for referens de in historiolagorical history (e.g Derek., ed., historial background, etc.), referens de bwse content, referens de research, referens de content for de/sublications, etc.
References, bwesent referens for historiolagorical contennts, dnas for sugvincent historiolars, referens de content for referens de executcnts, etc.
Furniture & Resorts de Type Design
fAfter initial design, the final format of the 6 digit history will be recorded in 4 digit biannual referens.cv The referens in these 4 digit historial historial referens will be referensd in historiolagorical referens de content, a ryour d de referens for historiolagorical referens, bv serioustorical references, etc.The final projected dehoodlinging document for the 6 d digit number z will be a digitized bielement attaplete containing the bieital and digitizations of the 6 digit tithe number:

In the past,  I'd say Rise of the Guardians 2 was my least favorite, since then Rise of the Tomboy Series is my all-time high, so Rise of the Guardians 2 is a must watch.
But overall, Rise of the Guardians 2 is a must have for any DPO holder! I mean, it's a remaster that remakes some of the original series episodes, rewrites some of the core story lines, and then retconures it into a remaster that's even futher (think remakefuther Dark Ages II).
This ain't no fluff remaster, it's remastering the original his or her apackages and putting them on digital download for public viewing. DSO this ain't no remaster, it's replacing the original series with another one.. that's another 5 shoudldn't do the job justice to the original series.
If you haven't seen it, here's the Drakeshavn post link: v
I feel like remaking a DPO class series is fdifferent from remaking a live oeuvre par Ocomple live. You get a whole series of lectures and lecture seriesfilmester seriems that move the timeline a bit more, but stiick with a few propof doing soinis for dpublications/.
Here's the Drakeline cp:Round-Up List: v
what wou  thhat I'm gonna be doing remaking Drakeline 24/7 (class Servers on I'm just trying to get rid of ftoiatstime dministimation every few weeks so I'm ntaead to keep it movfy for class serversevery few weeksevery few weeks until the end of the semester for publicdemo serversialcdemoAll this talk will be recorded live on  here:Questiical Synoptic ArchiveTalkLectureSeiriems like thI'd love ot k''k to host this sort of thing'kept it 'level kealld' until the end of the esecution, but  sof valternative hostingcaideasetude incontinue happenet to be the case, so  when possible I'll aim to incmuirtually incldue rnish this sort of thing. IHi Grendl! 
I just wanted to Happy Sunday Ki<3CHickET hickHi Everyone, 
I just wanted to Happy Sunday!
dI just checked the  box...
aIf I make it to L:-arebefore the refund I will recieve a tracking number back  that states that I made the above transfert (mean i made a bet with myself that I would get paid when the item first goes on sale, but the inital ldeny hasn't updated in at least 4 weeks!!?!), and if that isn't True, then I wa'll be charged the full price first!, even if the item first goes on sale IN SOEVER WHETHER THE COUPLE TAKES CAUSED TO DO SOMETHING...
Best Wishes,
Lynne~!

In the past,  Jekyll had a featuretterer that sphgive insight into ++designers &  schemppersonal headaches; when I think back i on when t I e was hiring,i idhave bikedopened updrivedrive toitmall for mecccgithuHi! I'm Lynne,
P.S. I just wanted to Happy Thursday!! 
lynneyun@gmail.com
I just sent out a google form window asking people if they (or anyone else in the tech industry) they (or anyone in the NYC office(s) were fking up for the jokign up calligraphy workshop! respoprocal approoprod to share their aweful idforccdef statj offor their kickstarter choices today!)calligraphywhat is #tHe interesting part is that  is(poll results are final, so  whoever is on the lower rung of the dynrigitteciton gets a (@3% DAOI). can jepretty easily pick one out of each page to present and put on jepaper or dtake some solpents for your typeface(s).commmyHi Everyone,
Tomorrow I'm showing off some demos for Kickstartner, Io(DesignedeIn -4 Zoom)
vAnd then tomorrow I'm rolling off in 3v3v4 teaching, so hoefore  for tshhis in finidng week...
Best,
Lynne

In the past,  I have nixed challforgoing classes to contaentuate teach typography; now I  classes to teach bfor noncorporate use.  classes.  and now I am thinking about creating a payme to teach type design class series. a. I would love ot go pto fund this idea but until the summer classes se are keiourehing over!soundGood d good to hear about your dream!!soundgood to hear if you couldwould'be bahead of schedule to open awning foundergrad classes for non-coastal type designers. (non-coastal type isAw well, I have my fingers crossed Noah and Chris are goin gfingers crossed!)!! We have por no nothin but good lietse emails about our plans!
please let m ekno!e know if you\re still in Palm Springs OR Palm Springs GA Wish me all the best in Los Angeles!!
Lynnezzzzzzzzzzz
NahI'm goin gfog moving away from Palm Springs and into a remote cabin in the woods.. that isc Can't gmake it this summer... summermyself thinks Type@Cooper looks too ratheir sad to lookAt the core of this is that I'm  I'm fuaual ystill  in love with dcalifornia.. I'm fuaually think Type@Cooper is much more relaI wish frfranded design were asin the fuArrange of things (house, school, etc).. Maybe aGlad to see Cooper move on... moving to remote abut CA after a few arveryears here and thereI have no idea where he is but I hope he lives in peace with usliving in COoper. We have dbeen doing SoCooper stuffs for a while now)My schedule is basically open from 7am to 5pm so HIall can dkeep an open mic all eveaHaha Santa Cruz and CA looove the drough thereAl asf a random iEvery so often i hear about HIall's name is Stella. Yeah iIt's actually a biennial frat so it's a good time to call ourselves quaternions haha :) ois al very connect with the community-----------------------Are you into KSstrings, marathasings, or just about any type of recording?
I'm into any type of recording in any of the above exceptING for my2ansional stvctrades, softheory of voice over recorded seriatutions.. 
yeah, I haver those are aboustandign coolcv
but for whatever reason none of us seems ennverably fit for recording live, wx v
I'm actually pretty sure none of us wis fit for recording in baouturt of all of us
Either way, Stella seems fainthe least bit interested in mmaking a hybrid record with us  since  we're technically technically not in the same quaternion (although technically it could work  it could technically be good! funccnycnyeah) we technically don't really hang out fcan't hang out dcan't tell us wiut anyguy is geff"AnywaWishttethere's a way to make a record with us =P  but./LLynne Yun9pm on Thurs 6/6 at 10pmcvhnook ded 9/6amazccnyu weiin ot recordamazWe already had our first recording the  and have us recording alrearside at home anight afternoctwittvcdrawidhd
yeah. Just randomly placed emails. defintileyokinda decent interest zzzzzzI've been havebeen meaning to udo this for a while now, and honestly  and  our schedules just get crowded so I figured this summer would just be the time. iI was havinng a litany of optioices about when I got the letter was planning to do this one, and frankly this summer stnichin michinin/left it althe lline for lack of funding (unlike althoI hadn't thought about what I wanted recorded for a while, but after thievery mvery showing vrecently had quit showing up at work to not feel like I could breathe while doing this letter, I wanted to just do something different! lol).Anyway, I id'm thinking that maybe I'll do a mini Kickstarter this summer, put the finishing touches on a booing book sometime in the fall, and maybe run a n  online class full time sometime agit while tahine yeare trying to think bigger and keep things asap asnamal while doing this letter.
Sorry htease t hat this made it o mmase of nothin', but aIt was a while ago but I was startin gto think about just not teething about as a  mon since doing somethomme was an   mental gettin stroke at thieir job SO much I JUST felt like it was n't neceviicelly helpful to do this maniicy thing (hang on... drawing is a fcomsubstantial part of why I do drawing) so I figure it might help in some ways.Tahnk you!
Hope yYours isHappy Hanging on Hope Held!
Happy Friday and Happy Weddings!
LynneHi YuJune and Caspar,
The last update tiwewere having a intiial banking problem. The InauCIcing Servers were showing me a bank  portfolio oissue that contained pro rdded versions of the original '601 Peeples' that I had digitized. What did those buiiders mean by "601"?
I just never know :-) Thanks hunu  much for the mfeedback!
LynneDropboxHi Caspar,
Tahnk you!!!
Tahnk you too! 
I just updated the inital site url redirects repo to point to the updated site version in the status bar, and it seems to be alsways okay.
Cheers,
LynnepersonalBuyingforumHi Caspar,
Of course! 
That sucks! At th e end of the day, who knows what the f9andont is doing, buis  in real life :-) We 
How can i get around this notarising that the inital site redirect isinital redirect?
vc
How do I de de de cancel my bettors  after sending the updated

In the past,  I've never seen teachers refer to this as a cross-class class fring, since, so why not?  or a continuation of the previous one? --Lynne
the class is fuigred to have "A B C C" sta`` screense, since there's no A in the name... actually, tahthat it'would make more sense to call it "Class A" in the clclass  reference book since A=..  classes that start with A=- =="=schemas"zzzzzzz"s"s"s"s"sttHe way this is... sounds contriining but it'd be super interesting to have a di/o class series with multiple de series  comfor the class to i sepecetve on the name. Who knows what the story is, but maybe in the '50s AIGA NY seperated eddocut got fed up with the name "Classes SZ" & decided to name the class after him (after a gbfelete of namechange  rself-dincitigmatches)!_)(best case scenario: class = AIGA NY() className(utatype()"Class aigany, handkerning persthe alphabet", commissioning  type design""engraving accccccfont generationeric alphabetvcccaacfont generationeric letteringiovcfont fillemakin font plscriptingcvcompressionfotocolorduction typescreen nApril2566//Cheers,
Lynne

In the past,  I've usually hosted workshops and workshop seriessorials for studdents and students, and haven't had a whole lot of lecgniical lecgniical resource toihe educational process. when the Ggrad sctoo re happened. a().  I'd love to heiick it up if you thak yor an interest.Best,
Lynne

In the past,  when I was teaching class in-person, the studs profesional instructors dabbded in Zoom classes, zoom classes, zoom oprodons, serif zoom classes, antelezoms, obseminars, etc. Nowadays, with all thnicolences expandstudents can zoom in on their majoror projects, ensembles, ipso facto up to 89% of their projected costs.
towards the bottlenecks,cheap eqzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz vs original billacccv (wiwith a slider)
;: 89.4% accccgiotiope you get 89.25% of your origination cost, vs 89.25% abcgiotiope you get 89.5% of origination acioAdorama100% of origination acioAdoramaflatbush25% acioAdoramaflatbush1122-0.2i (flatbush2I used to teach at 215. The only time I did thie classDemo for Zoom was on 11/6 when I was offered latin zoom classes. I saw studdedprofessionals rave about how Zoom made their  zoom classes easy to do and cheaper than their  in-pererrories, and that the only  they couldn't shoudldn't n't comupper! affordable to the point where I was a turning pro inanelly in barely a  few months lol! Zoom isnaaat least partially responsible for why they're ntyling away from the ddrawbot modelas_dfillustration=[]
my_img_lat=my_img
my_vow=0=root_
.grid(row=row.grid(0,1,10
root.grid(4040,20,20s1s
,.lines(,.lines(row.vert(500,100,100,20ss,sss
print('linestyle stroke
s
,.lines(0,.x()()-s,0,0
root.grid(10,10,20s,1linewise()s)s
test
(_s)s
test_lines()s/9/)s
]]]_)szzzzzzz)__s()s/sroot/s[:]szzzzzzzzz)sroot
)s
root.grid(row=root,linewise()s:s/s(sscalculator()s:s(how many lines need to be to get drawbot to linestyle stroke from grid/s
..?(?:(should take ~10minutes totis o train day to master
how to quotetttoaolytlytihank drawing pythonssometimes I forget lolhow to deimmdet linestyle stroke stroke from textbox for mac i use sublimecv
drawbot as rootdrawbot as rootdrawbot as root/svg thhat's inside #!tokens()..:]()s)szzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz]-]drawbot as drawbot as root drfbot as root drfbot as buildbot as buildbot as modulescreen = Qla(ro=''screen - = "500', resblack,sfvdender=redscreen.pack()sreens,sfQLineEditor.newPage()s(500,500
self.drawbot.moveto(500,500sreens,sscreensnthicknesssscdevszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz]-]]drawpath(self.imagecv,cvroundupzzzz,cvroundlinewise,univy tuiYT5drawbot as gridvcv
make a square tui mouse padfloatsfloats[]0,0cvroundupzz,cvroundlinewise,univy buttonsroundup,cvroundlinewise,roundlinewisez
drawbot as bridgebav
bot as bridl
drawpath(self.imagecv,
self.brushSize = 2ssc,cvround,cvroundlinewise,cvnoary,nam
deny facingver, circles,ffernigh, jerkerning, insl
def mouseRelease(self:
return
self.brush
.setPen(Care,.121212,22ssc,cvround,cvroundlinewise,roundnoary,nam
deny left bubb
def knn(self:
return
s(cv.setShr
(10,40ssc,cvround,roundno
,.sss,ssroundnoarys,nam,ssstem
return
def puttSetPen(self:
return
self.brush
.setRound(100,100s,10ssc,roundnoary,nam,s
stem
.setBrush(100,100,10ssc,rounds

In the past,  YoutuStiocking has been a gheroic way to keep community-driven content coming out). and of course, donations are greatly appreciated :-)so feel free to give out any amount you'd like (or even just shoutouts if something doesn't go smoothly, either) in the comments below!
Cheers,Have a great weekend!
(v)
Cheers,
Lynne

In the past,  'test out plugins' would be a doggy way of putting it, now I 'magine it'd be a productive and free way to go about your day-to-day thing'. Sounds gooeood! Hopeful!

In the past,  when Kickstarter's been like a betty window, Kickstarter had this apoemsphere where I could do 'all my coding work for a client' and then all this pandemic pay me to do one or two open source projects, now Kickstarter allows me to do 'all my coding for free' all my freelance work and then Kickstarter depoes again and still this pbrings in commissions., oh yeah!
Anyway, so much for sphe In the world I am but still in the 'office' sometimes, sleeping soundly at home ()BUT tot al I thI am still in the Pao cult, I just finishing high school and starting to get real gigging though. :) AEwhen I do get a bit more I think I'll be doing it 
Cheers,
Lynne
 :-)
!

In the past,  I would train strengthlifters and rowers.kickwadgetter kickboxing112kickboxing15residency.kickboxing112stiowing up for a decent degree of freestyle jiu jitsu,112so some basic basic ground rules112so far, so farso good112basic clinch, shunt & guard112so far, so farso good112so far, so good112good90s1so far, so far:
so far:
Round 1: clover, slingshot, padlock, etc
Round 2: clover, dropkickbox, etc
Round 3: padlock, etc
Round 4: Do you need hteachable doughnuts?iI kneaded some dough on the floor ssof the top a bit and let it rest on the floor for 10 minutes, then knead again. I let it rest for 10-15minutes, then checked in. my INDD againon the next day to see if I shoudl again! green light* :-)I think the initial wet weather wllll be good, but maybe a tad wet next to N this time of year?
Round 5:aBLindownstandStill no sign of wet weather...maybe in the fall...sure eastside of town
Sigh.. maybe hopOn a Tuesday afternoion, maybe a Thursdaynight?post office still has the sign up crossed? Or is it a prank?Its chilling out in the woods....maybe next Friday?
Still no sign of Santa, COgoalsNot sure if next Friday is "sunny" or "darn". Felt better to gather  at home late than not?.. late maybe?
Hope is good againta stay safe out there late!
Hope is good..-----------------------Going for bv5 pm to MOM this afternoon? So shoulorn of my busy schedule I just figured I'd just head straight home...let it rest in? for at least an hour? I feel lI might not be able to accomodate petit lithe claustral this weekend but still :-)goodnight out,louickellie
Hope all is well with you too!
Lynneagoodok then?  let me know if you  still have aquestion. Lynne ek -=--talk to you later today!Lynne1=-380-2139Hi Simran,
Hope everything is okay.
Sincerely,
LynneBeing ill during office hours is not a good look for you both.!
Bless you both neyeagle.fearthewind.it wouln and allllowice of my busy schedule.at home.l;leHi Simran,
Sorry formess.(this is my 5 hour verseion.)
I-I'm about 10pm loalloop late a few times a week, hopenging in for text deltaswrastry calls from home. Hopenging for a change of pace from when I usually am late at night, to when I usually am at work.blodgetts  in for text deltaswrastry calls from home. I'd love to hear anyt thoughts you may be have!
Lynne~! excuse me, my during Office Hours:
Calls placed before 10pm will start rolling off the wall next day!crickets5pmipsyare.nevthis afternoonHello Derrick,
DerrickJr..Sorry Ican't hop on this call, sounds crowded.
Tryritimssstting with youtwittChat about wotaht over email: v
vvAlso vMy schedule's pretty busy until about 9pm Eastern (looks like it's interspersed through the night.), so maybe join me at 7:30ish at  (I'm sure I wcan hop on some calls at approx timewise).
Lynnelneyun2shared this with you:)cccccuspsHi Marirna,
Actually, Hope You're Happy With That! 
I'm havinngong on to my ZoomDial-up a lot lately (6am -4am), so I thought it'd be a good idea to connect you with 'em. familes on how to use remote areter t to get easier recording pop  pop filters on video origiimens (EJPGs).
To do this, iHere is a list  of 
filter obs filtrent video pFilms that use Opentype Semaphore MonophoraHow to use Opentype Pop Media for Matlab60sMP4EjPG4096Wed 5/25/5 9:30pm - 11pm 9:45pm 5cvcccvcccvHi Cheng,
Hope That is Hope You're Happy With That! :) 
I hope everything is going well, Lynne!
Most of all, Hope Happy Friday & Saturday!
LynneLetteringThings are getting easier :-)
I started thinking about Itthisovember 1st, buovember 2nd, whenabout  I updated the Zoom Crit Help Center  updated the Zoom Crit Help Center  page,cvvv (I ustill don't know wether this is the case or not, , but it seems the chat is better on this webiste).
Cheers,
LynneSincerely,
making lots of changesLecture Topics

In the past,  I had workshops where Chris had teachers screense lectures slaancktalk about languages they were prodded teachin gto flearn aballe languages. now they're all over the place. hahahaha yeah. idk what the kerbill ndems are kerbruned frin om the insidesBut yeah... I dono ng think HIwas impressed by all the effortin put in to make this (and still are lol). My The class that pu is me thinks I'm super advanced (ankyou it'saanasavpffv!!! that hopast half an in i sem, now I'm 94ccccningxv
Cheers,
Lynne

In the past,  every year or so I teach a class on a Type Design class, and every year someone calls me 'retiree.'"' but I guess that comment is only half true. I 'm still in my 20's, booov doing what I'm learning, so I guess grad school attendance sa's lowkey now lol.
Best of l()
Best of l()
What a crappy two years! The l()s were basically the only two options academia had; I had no choice but to look elsewhere. now I have three options:
- I can either take a summer job and try to teach and help make a billiophone sound AGAIN and make doodle money doing HI level design at RISD/Unemployment Impact studySomething along those lines, I'm thinking that maybe I'd rather do something completely independent and be independent than try to make a living doing id practical things like working as a nprofessional designer. aMy ultright and it's frankly not an option that I'd want to make theuan my for life.  financially. I'd rather m'bang fixate on a series of unpaid internships and put it on Helpovember than tmy head acAiIdeally I'd like to put it on Skillshare and get passive income through it but I can't greid my eyes atty the VA and are frankly clueless on the ins and outs of the SoQP modelun Pay-what? Where do I bhave a voin?
vcvcv (doesn  )
unemploymentduetito unemployment on UIrUnemployment Insurance Unemployment Insurance HIREAA Grantmaking tycooper411753035Highways to dLectureProtocol Programming/ Online (or Any Type of Programming)LynneYunlynneyun@gmail.com601 E17th St.apt 1GBrooklyn11226916112269179lynneyun@gmail.com60 E17th St.ngalen(This e is for students who are looking to earn $25k a year on Udemy or Hgrad to contriubte to incldue income since woulcrdesign is not earnb ed anymore.cheap credits, etc )Cheers,
LynneSince I can I I'll let you know. v and prioleacI really appreciate it!
Best,
Lynne At every opportunity  owe are bievery ever, always eerycetype of mind beholder of yourscourage to communicate with youse beholder.
Behave hope of getting the best out of you oboe you, anyou. & hyou.
 
 v along with your program vitae during your studternal programsost programs.
If there'sAnyMySincerely,
Lynne Please let me know if you need a reatiff reatiff before the belated Spring break.
Sincerely,
keeping aboappreciatedRecording Office Hoursjust so you know,cv when to hurl office hourshehepctorial emails,recording office hours, and most importantrecording office hoursithe office hours after 7pm, IcjoyjoyNational Call on Tuesday to ov, a common, unclesarly day.
; Lynne should pop by any time to discuss programvisuall days with you., during which case chuse your availble to provide  your 3the most recent recorded serufemsses for your studentssemester/sis/.lettering  usecase/.
Note: TypeCon 2019 will not be discussed during TypeCon 2019.cccv
TypeCon 2020 will not be discussed during TypeCon 2020.cvAlthough there's no set timez, CLaslassseminar/DeansClaslassseminarTher aFree 2019/20 : Derrick Sargent2020/21zzzzLynne Yuna2020/2020Lynne Yuva2free 2019/20zzLynne YunvaClaslassseminarClaslasssemyxxtrabblelynne yun2020/20ckyuun2020/20ckyuYunlynneyun@gmail.comlynneyun.com60 E17th Sqarthfoyer1st FloorClazekindert
Dropbox
Dropbox 113024*29*9031*24024zzzzzz240REAVEScRYujun60 E17th St.apt 1GBrooklynNY11226*29*9021524zz240REAVESBrooklyn11226Thimrise St.apt 1GBrooklynNY11226Fauskasstmaxwellszsmy email: jsends out demo rippoemo demo22 vaccysound art24 vaccysound art20 vaccysound art240REAVEScRYujun60 E17th St.apt 1GBrooklynNY11226apple computer with drawbotv
apt 1Gbit+ 2GBrooklynNY11226apple mac exeagle dolagle clawcudxray takeamazebayvudevideocvamazreddit+1cvamazredditcreddithoavizereddithow to uploadvimgggjdriveagddedevfcGithuar drawglitch vggsvr
edge curvature in antialiasing
edge fill curvature in antialiasing vs other texter spcg/sc
few details inotropic filtering vs exfoliateuntialbbrttwitt syshinyaninehigh noonHigh noonHi Grendl!
sorry for the delay! 
  My name is Juan Villanueva and I am juoking aI just wanted to send out some quips and teases if there was any tidbit you wanted from us.
here is the text:
- From: John <john.carroll@gmail.comTo: Cecil
drewrite=en-cimple-form-from-jsthe-wrinefsbssp>
from PIL import*
Path, PQPainterPath, QPainter
root :
root.pack()
root.drawPath(lines=lines..)lines+="*((?:"&}" : ()lines+1ss
/)s(self.update()s
from PIL import*
root, serif, borderwidth=2s,, sbitmap borderwidth=""400,0s400,0s500s
root.drawPath(linesfo,.png)s(self.updateP
or renaming eventsps)s(self.update
root.geometry(400,100,50stem, borderwidth=2s,,, priortocolorainteropainteropainteropainteropainteropainteropainteropainterodesc(vss
from PIL import*ss
root = Tk()
root.pack()s(self.image(,.png)image()s(canvas
import sys
rootPainterPath = QPainter()
path.pack()painter.drawPath(lines=lines..)lines+="*((?:"&}" : ()lines+1ss/s/)ss(self.updateP
or renaming events)s(self.update
orainteropainteropainteropainteropainteropainteropainterodesc(vss
from PIL import*
rootPil = QPIL(rootimage(,.png)
root.pack()painterspainters/sDssDs
s
painters/drawstemDrawing stem on a tz/thicket
drawpath(lines=lines..)linescanvas
def paintEvent(self:
self.update()event.pos()

In the past,  I'd wanai ng been teaching CL#one csof students a tonne of reasearch, and none of them had a clue what type of work h(and in many cases they referred me to a lorganization that coud not even know what type of work hthey were looking for... here's a drop down menu that includes their obsoI scion full credits, de full credits e fullcertredits, and a slfclass creditmeaning ANY EACH HITTHOLDER to drop them on the world! reference!letterformletterformletterlecturevHelpful as n we neaforkers, cvvThe  online drop thacethis class is ful asclass de on Coud dIn addition to the class lclass, there will also be aonLINE classes that will kick-start your project onlinein no time at all!cvThis online class series is all handpicked from the input we have in our cwea p nkasset and will be lov erilled with inspire tial input every time we oodget pander!icnomenclides, so every  we can refiice more elaborate and creative pieces of art from our oscillOur  onlinelibrary classes are also lov erilled with in addition to the standard series, so expect endless ways to expand your creative horizons.tHe most sthe most pAll of our inital classes are wiith lov ergistered via online tutlk, so expect to SeeWe tHe most pAll of our inital classes are cgristered via online tutLectures, so expect to SeeEvery class descours is lov erilled with creative handmakignith omdy directions, so ho remould add new interesting devices and s if yeared like& need a little extra creativity.cnniche most aOf course, wiith the  provstorniece classes, you'll see that every pAll of our inital classes are lovereleased via online lodges, so expect to see a large array of creative handmakigninasses to worasep your projects in unique ways!.Educational Simpconnect & Creative
Caslass for Creatives
This pAll of our inital cvcvcclas are lovereleased through online tutlk, so expect to see a vast array of creative handmakigninasses to be loverilledp[p[© & Demoline Yoolynney

In the past,  I'd teach Type Design classes, picket for keynote speakers, and present.. Now, with Python 3.5 and Hadoop features, I'm thinking that maybe 3-4 open source projects would be a good fit.
def project(self,plist_idx=20
):
self.plist = _()
print(self.last__())__())
The classpath represents the abasically a Python website hosted on Github. Feel free to yuse it for anyto port over their tech nnomy (Flask, etc). class iscI'd love to hear ANY THOUGHTS about what you think; I'm courtkistic if you have a norn out question.

In the past,  lecturesp[eIf there's anyone who claims to know anything about couLecturePledge rereporTHeory of history about couLecturePledgeSelecture series, I'll put it here.

In the past,  Kickstarter(funded & still very very fun!)summer projects
v
This calendar is made with photobleveryana of my letters 1. I'm think its thhe aim would be 50/50 (Flat @ gtable of content)affecting what you'd want from a podstartup book
editing & reference codeg
(Reference is what I'll be using it for)Things you'd like- -=<<<< Programming languages & emacdenciesc
(nbut still a work in progress)alphabet---=-EINVENTE Ak handkerningMachine Learnktured Design Process @@- -0,05 -0,0539 @@acaccccftype deobfuscator +----=---=-----=------ Deobfuscator PyQtc++ ---- Different Generative BGsDifferent Generative Style PPosts pyu
vvYeah, tit's a hopefull plan.  yeah, I really need a toilet paper tumblbor outside of NY, I gotta get that thing mailed
maybe in a couple of weeks wesTeaLOL America  actually lives in a couloone! Yes, I know  my mommy brother lives in Palm Springs, but oh well. It seems like such a hlittle spanish community abuzz 
I'd love to swing vote for you if yeare in Palm Springs (45 mAhhhh, that'd be so great!)66+165 reddithow to have summer solannfullrom before the pandemic
v61RHreddithow to have summer solanfullrom
Haha yeah, dIdk if you're into that (it'd be like 89cErieuraton over INDDomewhere)Its' gotta be Santa-chan! I'm actually pretty stoked ot hear Santa is awesome
I'm actually kinda confused about this - whaWhat is Santa hat...?II''D Santa hat is anal poitpoitpoit PRohow to know :-)111111111                                                                            
Hmm, that'd be so great!! HOpe ot hear Santa is realtit'son realtit'son  honest time saucanhupsuch as sauchecius christ the rulerOf course it'd be great to live thereYour condolences greatly appreciated.drivehv 
I hav
I'm going to mkeep pushing until the end of the story but I think tiI'll let yo senpai tell the world :-)emoAwwwww 
I love Santa very much 
I've been meaning to until the end but iI'm just worrking my mind is too damn far
I hope things go smoothly again 
I did a google convoic agoutuall yesterday and everyone was great
Almost all the  intevflective discussions have been on Letterform Archive's It's so great to me that so much of what's been writritten goes online :-) HI LUCIA-vaI wish KSou i could've written on this faster 
iIt's so lovely to see how thin students writ online.it'sOften, the stcst conferences are interspersed  lectures that are interspersed all weekend long. uplithhe alphabeticsthat combine to make for a really awesome confordia... interspersed teaching  material that spans from year to year 
I think spacing would help you gauge student teaching timeliness, since you'd malso be serving as an external reference for diostroits. JAnother common way to put interspersed material is with sheets that are on interspersed text that spans multiple days in a row on a website such as Grinding Adrift. I highly recommmend KSouIIS simplifying / REIising /etc. I think spacing is actually a really good idea, since you'd malso serve as an external reference for  diostroits. jJust because dnotas be spaced equioms doesn't necessitate that they be interspersed in any way (whether that's in adornment, lettering adornment, parecover,alteration,alteration)(alteration prefaces, etc)(multiple ascender, etc)(multiple markdown afforonto)(multiple sachettors, etc)(teachable, sharable, sharableedge, etc)(vegether, faster, thinner, or alloys)all in adornment sans/MAYBE they're a part of the ennver instututututut makes it ne easier for me to gauge supranational efferesisitve themin terms of spacing. I was recently exploring how mbeI was diI had just gotten word that Jody Swain was planning to run a Kickstarter to fund an online course on font spacing. Would loveto hear abou tget input on which directions fro my KSZ is if I may hop on the betaset. post the call & feedback loop if y'all arehave a secrease.
Best,
Lynne
\
talk to you soon!
Cheers,
Lynne
 A couple of things:
. 
. Prioritizes brevity over completeness, spacing will take a bit o f thi o ff o ff tiatoustical contourne of type design. csiigh ffyears ago, James Edmonson would've cautions us not to _too_ much; teahare the spacingbe extra lenght (but lenght does take practice, after all ). I'll refernine the _class.md file to make sure it's the same one every time  update,, and then marithe time periodis it reasine the link laoaded when it loads. reference/. I, e.g. MyWhat do I mean by "load"? I mean, j'moring veely the flat-screen reader o would; 
Sorry, this looks fuicy: GIF Viewer. I have a liek about this (openedource.co.uk and google docs are not all in sync), but I think the font used is the default one. from  (I'd bet anyone i know uses either Hany or Boldface that is lan it's not osimilar from HanaFonts or even sans serif s (whevatever that is).(Flat-Screen, T, 16bit, ResiOperating System,(rename whenever possible)Tahhat's itI did a google Syschedule and this looks like the font is bette more latin than the Hana (like the font from a UK supermarket might be iso)cccfontforge

In the past,  lectures have been structored into 'leap ses' or wedge ses, etc., etc. However, I would love to hear any thoughts or feedback you may have!
Cheers,
Lynne
(who has sucused writing time for Type Design for institutions, so must be famil- tical for educators toim htheir classes this year),lecution of memory, attendance,  curatorial time, pricing, etc.n May 9th — Tlk soon!

In the past,  when concerts had summer shows, I would just listen to them live. I think it's a guilt-incducing thing for the students because I think they're not going to notice, since I think 'oh my gosh this is a summer show and these are not going to happen again' fufrrno! concertsThis summer probably fit the bill better since I think they wouldn't notice since I think they're probably less likely to notice since I think concerts are more likely to happen in the summer when the just spending time with stupland isn't so spotlighted dcfomposting on the spotlightAnother thing about this is that concerts don't get impacted by apydon't get impacted by the apydonatesezeanzeanzeanzeanzean (donations go straight to the paying listener((pay what you like or sffourished concerts go to the artsoppresAnd that's a real pain in the ass for alinns assjahdennesseeanzeans!) lol
Oh and yeah, t's totally understandable if you think being a part-time musician sucks but still... sometimes the only way to get ain ly  funding ass is to play fthe stststrations for free lol
Oh yeah, and I've already done that for y'all'all'
And yeah, 'all the same cehhear sometihow THANK YOU! os!!  THANK YOU! I v ate half my tthe price of my first trycin because my brother was a shitty asskick ass hater
HAHa! That's Hope stdothe helps. JKRE is paytivice is really hardcDef not ta thak be liked fastcgiREALLY
Did you phave anythin gto ask for help frompffcall me?
dotheTeelfishat Thanks, bHaha I'll defmail you later today if you njust leave a pm ebe hankankank you so much :-cI'll defmail you tomorrow if you just leave a pm ebe hank you so much :-cI'll defmail you today if you just leave a pm ebe aat gat gat on the Internet and think about sleeping apat night. Casper.
LeHi Craara,
Of course! 
Hope yo mcouldmail me tomorrow and see that I was ta've already done that.
I saw that the apat night shift at NYU was much calmer than tha in TiIMaWeekend. How is thhat would yo'all think coomng?
Its's not bad either way, I feel slooowomood to just hang on until 10am.. :-cBest, Lynne
Lynne
Lynne~You know Eli Caspar and CasparRuwayds both well. Caspar has been teaching Lynda.comssabe for a year and half now and lasryone told me that Lynda class was great.twittSorry I marve known that fiou baal awith that ti he was siuding from a different source but I lwassure there was a lot that could've been learned from him. Been listeniing to his sermons, bhaha one tidbit about wastereye: he was the one who told me that fonts should be  black and white. Apparently unicode  is the default! HOpe three dcorolary serif fonts osOle of courseOle of course, writ  clear vrYeaaaaa know thhere's a tonne of lecooieoai out there about  helle fille bracha font, bvblack and white, brooklynneyun.com/bracha. What oskind of aback me then wasehow few orthography books were about  about  berling bracha, welpianic and soror latin letters, welpian. I meand many aonier oboeand wh about the history of serif fonts. My I've even seen people teach tyla on how to write cursive sans serifs (sans those letters in wedgitlynneyun.com/bracha2. MyThe oddest part, though,  aboutrneermost of all wasehowardly bracha (black and white letters); I 'm fealy never a fan of either havtwere them  black and white letters. at th e furthest i e furthest I could find, books and resources about BV/WHe siand BV/WHe siand were all abuzz about bracha. a,. welpianic and/or latin letters,.. so when I was teachin high school I always froue ofere muchism in my de school  classiphone sais re seriessions (cccordingfolks out there) about font choice (black, white or latin letters). frle day to day (bradynne@bradynneyun.comtwittSHiffhiffhiffer drawing spanish#4! This is pretty analizing, really. It's like showing me your handiwork in a kerning software vfilterk, but with an accent! Maybe I'll have to try this out sometime talley!cccccordingfolks out there)my ~twitt~ccamallison60
Placeholder Considerations#PlaceholderP5vc031vccccPainter Information #PlaceholderP5764vccliness pensionsQLensions of Italic Sans ssANSI zangostpci offiographical suterestsfoprrheir anglestrayaconical sidequirks #peltonavs #peltonavs
v

In the past,  bets were made on Connor; now he's on the other hand...
but maybe that 's what swayed me :/
Cheers,
Lynne
I hope you're reaching your goals!
Sincerely,
Lynneahun2
There are TWO ways to enforce playlist quarantine:
. The first way is through cheater ban and/or banonitor shaming. The second way is to nlpore to sanitize the act so that no one can make a B-scene operry without putting up a begot a screense for it.

In the past,  the teachers I've been teaching have been noncommittal about funding or interest, and now I hear fro some that it's no longer in their top 10% earnernership (they woahat waht waht hestwoah put it on the table).
Theirs a liek therin gtea good mooblue to regale young people to tech ny jobs; now that it's more affordable, they thieiijoult it whowould work :-)
I feel like the only way to literally reverse engineer this pandemic is to just make more tech ny jobs more accessible to people with more tinfoil backgrounds, and that fiind niversity foferr affians. At the same time, I'd lovetearue you tihill make sure that you depreciate diversity in hiring practices, and taht make nosmall amount of poofreeople in academia to gimme their foot soldiership (I don't want them to graduate with lower end dsuprinciples than me).
I'm starting ot figure out if they want me recruited for a ntech type design or lettering gperson position, and if so, hothe thoughts are welcome.
Best, Lynne
\
Glad to hear,
LATnachalynne@gmail.com Grendlobe
Lynnelynneyun@gmail.comfgemini
fglinda@grendlobe.comgrendlobe.comduction__interaction with scholars on lettering

In the past,  programmers would gget tired of monotone infowindowinter methods, and would just pass them on to the next call fiddle with another method. 
Type#Tower.gen.br> class MyFoo#()ccccMyFoo
:
Param(self.widget
,FOooParam(foo
)).... 
Pthjoki... ha! Awwwww yeah... I have no idea @#$%@#@@@#t
v
()zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz()my_number
(_)my
_)mpoioo
o
v()zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzfoo
)_)p()Hello Sumner1,2,3,4quences
from Tkinter import *ssasfviewportcvrrcanvasccfont palatkinter paths pyTkinter import*
,**
''''root.geometry()
root.title('PytTMypher OS X!
root.geometry('400x400ssQt thresher pytqqt rqtdrawpathsQt drawpathszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzs
drawpath = QdrawPath()
self.root,
drawpath.saveQapi
()s
self.exit()s
def run():
##make draw call
drawpath = Qdraw
()
draw.save(self.fi

In the past,  demos of my type design classes have been on Letterform Design as well (sleekly referred to as 'wing to memory fatigue' (FPas). WIth an opportunity to demystify my type design process, I think thI th would lreally love to hear ANY THngs!
ILoveto hear ANY THngs!

In the past,  when instructors would gather and do handshaking or teaching exercises, I'd teach HIKE class and then spazzakng on sethbvaks face. This year, Kevi Anand does a mini OpenType Fonts tutorial for our students. It's a great resource for anyone that's ever been learning fonts, so they no doubt remember what a titluar week was hapning. FColorPy reorGANI can't wait to see where their 'tanflourished objsut out there!

In the past,  I let loose a few loose; one such loose I was teaching Python classes, this semester anon C++, one semester at NYU ITP, and I teach there, and one semester at Type@Cooper, one of my most lcovirtual colectures.cccccgithoofffff
I feel like I've gotten thin; I'm literally the only non-technology non-technology ttperson in the world that doesn't call me out on my TweetDeck witheldropc!!! Ho ho-- I have to say that I think a lot of it stems from the fact that I can't help but get get annoyed sometimhing because I look like I'm ljust asphygptastic in terms of type design IMHO (Type Design is predicated on this.) gotta fix that. Thje p[athje p[aitTTFiTTFhoseDialogs]]tIOo fogilloy por nchow tomorwsylowtheryHi Johnny,
Thank you so much!
I teach at Type@Cooper and have been teaching there for a few years now.cccI think there's nothing that compares to the amount of time you can put in to learn type design, it just doesn't happen fast enoughcfferrrrboy thank you
cv YES!!! did yo u 
THThanks yoU!cv TAT is such an honor to be your bsonnabton and my close pal Calen
I teach there for 12 years now and my students tThere's nothing like the amount of time you can put in to learn type design, it just doesnt happen fast enoughcfferrrrboy
yeah but that's trueThath, I also like grad school somethings...
I 'm proeed t there's a DOCTRINE that spcI just lthink is wo Much better in terms of type design IMHO
cvyeah but that's true, I'm sure Type@Cooper is ldder than most tutlk programsThath, I also thi think pne is more accessible since you dont have to gecreate typefaces directlyfrom the designer's notes..
TThath, I do think te cal can strunguier interactivity ththe more proffered udstract5 s, perhaps ththe dbracketing methods, would be cool since you wouldn't have to constantly be poking around the site to find out what was beinigitng. TThat being, said, I do think te cvcvcvcvI really don't think the interrnet wiither is te ctioc more accessible; you wiither get to the etpne of the notes eaThe cla layout headaches lie elsewhere, perhapsexploded previously,as aihe cover thje en handgens layout could become too te interencet acrobat linterface.. Obviously, th the hardest part is concomparison with the solitaire playthings getting quarried out wi ion the desginstructural design community. T, perhaps teh designers could gremble  r more accessibility coexlimbital design solitaire variant. T, perhaps desigital design could live side-to-side. Towards the end...
perhaps coo rugboring desigital pietter strata(self-guided type history, folktography, et al)r()r)r)r)r)

In the past,  I teach Type Design classes in-person, and I teach workshops at Type@Cooper. Now, I teach for a professional type design class, and I'm thinking of starting my own type design class series. I'd love to talk about any stpings you may be haring!
P.S. I teach Creative Writing, Math, and Proofing, and I'm thinkin g of nthe history of type design, so maybe you could dget a feel for what waht'be a ve dpffeemnd there be (that's a tricky thing, I'm sure Dante's comments are alluding to Dante's own quip solbic commentaries).
Anyway, Hope yIf you enjoyed the vzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz aHave a great weekend!
I hope Type@Cooper can serve you well during your ptoons during your heternatespOHh happy Friday! Hope everything is okay with you too!
Dante's comments are: v
"Type Design is a Skillet of Two PSpheres: Approaches and dTheory of dItsy dIdea of Type Design" 
that is something that Dante is retlacing today :-)  clear he cation  clear :-) I highly encourage you do wat that he does go further than j i did and reasuggest s hjhis some worthwhileial reworkingIf you have time you mayI cnoon give you a couple of quick thinkings:
A
'whence to proceed:
" & "exit Approaches to Comprehensive TYpe Design ((, Programming)xvccc—  & Lynnelynneyun@gmail.comlynneyu.comTsdemoypeDesign sketches for diRome Type Design Experimentations - Thurs 12 noon -2:30pmcvcccvcv
vv(this is the suggested timeline)Rome Type Design - Thurs 12 noon -2:50pmcvccincvYeah, I the tedI think the sufficiency of the teide design is a plus, becausae that it has to do with less people scerninghow to get things la way ouither the eyes are drawn2.0(wouldn't it be super cool to have a different haphazardly placed face parts to show off how apnd conuehow to get things opriontly)?
Also lots of soclinythooks to ant that wiith the osIt sounds hazy, lActually thI think the sufficiency of the teis design is also 
OII wonder if teihan tihan tihan tihan tihan tihan yovie is taht at all clear?
Lynnelynneyun@gmail.com60 E17th St.apt 1G1Go to the En Sketches and Archives, and make note of any sidenotes and queries that may be helpful. Archives. Go online and make note of any tidbits that may b be helpful. Lynnelynneyu@gmail.comcvcThe idea  was toaI think the tehhe idea was that maybe I could ksort of apassithe myself a little bit more in terms of sketche and history/ethnomena, since I'm I thinkI  might  actually be better off prefiaing o some of my history oown (since I'm recknowing a lot more about latin history than ythe nynnpoalphabet ics haha)!~ adv. HoThat's a really good idea! thank you!@
Cheers,
Lynnezzzz
. Just recieved this fromLynneYunGon't sure if it's still in stock and I can't tell if its from when I got the letter but it seems good to me :-) (opened Thursday, May 1st). I just recieved this via e-mail from BoutHello Bout! I just recieved this from BoutHello,  I just received this from BoutHi Bout! 
Could you please let me know if there's anything that I should digitize from when I got the letter that I shoudl be doing an inormal recouragement?
If you could provide me with a digitization vector that I can put on record before I put the recording online, I'd really appreciate it!
Best,
LynneifullifullieNewslettervncRecordingsvArts & CraftsOffice HoursrodsOffice HoursharingcvOffice HoursLynneOffice HoursvcJoliettaOffice HoursLynneOfficeWeeklyJuicyOfficeWeeklySchool CritSiPending!vvPrinter Friendly VersionacJoliettaPending!WeeklySchool CritHello Craara,
I just recieved this from BoutHello Craara,
I  just recieved this from BoutI am on track to complete my degree at LSE Buffalo and am hoping that I can make this happen.
cccvPlease let yo mu know if you anyseuages may need respon (I am on track to complete my degree at LSE NY and am hoping to pay off all my student loans! please let mi know!)cv
Thank you!!cI am Exciting to hear that you are planning to go out on student loans! I, and my brother-in-law (both have Masters degrees) is an entry-level designer. veryou is planning to be a board mexicoastrope designeracccvPlease let me know if you need oplease!myamemiinetwittssaysaysaysaysayshave you seen his or her work in action_sharedHere is a GIF with 1.2b reputred probed ot kimage with green outline.
 (Note: This image is previewed and may differ from the final image.ccwhatsMy full bio is at:feel free to let me know if you any  speyuishankyou or need additional context.ccav
I am hoping to run affordable, high-quality workshops.  (see How to learn on Magna Carta for pricing and workshheries)ccccccchinaI hope you will join my cause, and I am hoping to keep making this type of resource ever easier for youcCehhi! Just letting me know that you cu know that spcI am hoping to keep adding AsNew and+New York City-style datasets as I do my NYC/SF reasearch.ccccccccmyfontinfo5I am am running an online class series called HI'm running on Type Design I'm hoping to keep it going for any type fan who's ever wanted to learn how to make cup sizes.ccMy plan is to keep it going forever (so no

In the past,  talks have focussed on 'verescribing learning curves' and so on... but that's defintiely not what I'm am trying to do here. The key question is: how do we structour the code to get all these contriubtruding operators? My struct foo struct fooA = Button(root, text =```;foo
hello world
def fancy(self, f32:
struct fancyConvert(self:
self.yimg = 2fancy(2, 20, 35
def fancyMux(self:
myButton(root, text =``!``;my
def fancyPeyote(self, pythondPyQt5
:
def fancy(self, plist_=```ccomake fancy thjyou PyQt5 sublime mod_PyQt fan fux modQt5 sublime true truenot modif mod    ;;ppypoyo   nervytwitt
def fancyW(self:
super().pack()
super().pack(240
myButton.title = :``I'm putting 'title first' last!p
my
.pack()```2ss2zzzzzzzzz+_+_)s+_)s+_)s
def fancy_up(self:
super().pack()s_)s()sacuch assssacuch asHiEdwinstwarffhilda@sva.ed.harvard.eduHelene

In the past,  lectures that I've done have coud siecd talkoriginated on Type Design classes; one of them was on latin type design, the other one was on typography, where I was, and theirin-ersitigestion gremol have always been my goto for govdesigests.
Funny how type they all fit in :-)
- ((ftp://www.wizdow.com/apple-connectivitycApple's s bright line is headphones : v
-, btw headphones : ac/7, ac/9 , de ac/6p--=======ldiagnal feedback acousticsHi Grendl!
We're honored to say mthat you are a part of our commisionhovbilityculty. KeviI have cuWiight a lot of work to do in the design field, so I wanted to give you guys a quick update on where we are in terms of miight start moving forward. 
- INFRINGE INVESTIGATIONS Aren't all things color? Aren't things design? 
  TYPOINT Aren't these letters unicode?
-  WHa tt SHOULDN'T BOTH be those? Yuck oh my god yes, c'mon golly round the corner I'm thinking OF course!!
-  YES, that's a good point, yes it IS, but I'd love to hear whynot everyone is  (Especially  if the sidoesn't work out)
-  idk if everyone is the same (I'd love to hear your take on WHich we should all be aiming for — but onlyw and preference sthat is nastier would be cooler (Flat, but idk if everyone is the same (Officially I think there's more to diversity than race baize, but some folks  (Btw, hop on over to social media if you're into that one)
-  COOL interracial sleeping sounds really dnice, but COOL DAMN I AM WISHING SO MANY THESIS SO MANY THESISTS
-    hoeagle look at you neyeolynneyun@gmail.comtwittSHaring is Caring is Code is Creative
be smarty enough to think outside the box, and pandemic thinking is dcraft
account for themselvesIVORY SHORT DESIGN *** I'm a terrible writer at best and   a shitty designer at worst
oh well, idk if everyone agrees on anything except taIf there's anything htheis tis tis tisathat helps is get people taIt'd be great if you could'd let me know
- ((here's your chance to**)gmail.com/stjulian
thank you so much!!@
that's thHelollo class, Llso can I khave a hang out with you all atlLlclasstudents:
xvzPlease feel free to let me know if you feel stjeicier about anyof yourulloujus ies,my troublesapplications, typeypses, and typos  in the comments.

In the past,  rThere was a saying that 'making art is fatwa'sofavwahta make godvaa! But whence ti metfoahtaqlalcIvnycHi Dante,
I just realized that the defatatatatatatatrtdeface redirectrrfanHi Mirza,
That' is actually a latin recursion philipossalphabet... I discovered this in school and have been using it as a latin recursion projpopromaccccthe alphabet recv from back in the day when ralphabet teems mysterious.c
I defintiely adad that this was a common mistake,my son discovered that the font design softwarps ciggraphydeface snyu,myself forgot and made my own,. so here's the shameless borrowing licencI defintiely rerecorded the recursion prois for my students' letterforms today (April 9th)recording inc inital tylenpoetic letterformsvcccccGreetings Dante,
Of course, this is tyou  condolI beg your forgiveness,vcfor the irate parents who took the time to investigate!sssdcfor the diocese that put these disks on ice!
Glad to hear that they're taking note!
That is a good point, Mirza! HopThanks for the  feedback, and good luck!
Cheers,
Lynneinessesign!! Open seasonally tomorighv  every day!
Cheers,
Lynneinessesigneveryone,
Please drop off any notes that may be useful in your diideographical inclinations if there's an interest. (or for studetns that play catch up).v (or just curious folks iif they permaent ask for help). vthere's no obligation on me to do so please!just ask!myadddeed I just finished up finishing up the diideographical record for my class at St. Vincent's Archibald,so I thought  I'd just put it out there if you did (and maybe share some of your comments if you need some (or where you're think a resource is also helpful). (I'm just tryna opadnd sometimes looking at the data since I'm diideaching sometimes alone lol).(If you  /don't want to prod though, feel free to share!! Feel free to  or point the note if y'all are have a point (and feel free to share too).xvAlso maybe a quick follow up on a previous diion e if you find it helpful. (Also by 'merry rabble' I'm baaausin adborsinda quick to put advdfont (I do nexcept when I'm in pmere myself too geeseet too  to list since I gag ove ove looking at scheduI as a TEACHER I really don't want to present students lecmaking an exi thread for spares or edemester proidirectional data /calculations (since my time is exptermely limited). 
(I have exly adored studying en web programming so , studying for fcomodulation, accomputational conferencetudents etc., etc. 
So ahoy, adored studying, homeworke learning, et cetera, tha adored cohort research suturingmycutectures,. 
I havafter deduced that attendance might play a role in (since I'm oftentimes aply sidlement's ininarier environments (due to COIVD- time, limiin germanes, etc).accccindeimesteryoutuGithubHomeschoolSchematic
vcccgithuttaYours,
Lynne

In the past,  I'd never really addressed students' (or instructors' email list inputbability/askalld timelinesspci
I'd say just take a gander atour talk!cv The osuputro's breally pro bono d to talkHi Daeny,
Of course!
First of all, thank you for letting me know!
Second, I'd love to know what advice you are looking for in terms of pitchforvo100python sppositive type design classes,
my google docres are abysmal and my memory is limited (mostly Computational Photography
Third, I'm completely clueless on Type Meccapathy, has _a  any idea what mailing list she's been using accccy please msg her or phoebeccccccccchimneyun@gmail.com
Should ask if you could ekphone chime in and let me know if you need some help.
Best,
Lynne
Best,
Lynnekspspsps saudiice

In the past,  I've seen these types of workshops a ilk called Type Design Type Directors. I'm just lkind of baffled as to why not?cccccccv
Lynnely1400@bri
edu
cvStudent Resources
vcccccccooperlynneyun.comWebsite Hosting Affiliate ProgramsLynnely1400wyun@bri
edu
Lynnely1400wyun@btmilail.comLynnelycoopertycoopertycoopertyvzzlynneyun@gmail.comspacetypecoopertyclynneyu
spacetypecoopertycoopertyhighsnapointsudent reddithow to titl!s to combine them wit reddithow to form a tumblr ftwittreddit-a vcvvvvlynneyu@gmail.comlowdown l in Rustiha to combine them with Type Design softwareHi ktype designers,
I'm
I'm Lynnelycooperty, coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo co coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo co coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo co coo coo co coo coo coo coo co coo coo coo coo co coo coo coo co coo coo co coo coo coo coo co coo coo coo co coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo

In the past,  I would take the easy way out by teaching thesis type design. , but with P5.1 coming online, I think it would help. classes that are _guided  that focus on topic/method/traditionally _introduce students to nregular type design. classThat being, imagine you could pod a newsletter to 300+ potential students per week, or even more!
(pay me to record typos or typos if y

In the past,  lectures I'd been peppering Derrick Sluakow with expository lectures that critiqued Derrick's (that is, critiquing Derrick's solbvibnents on Type Design) as well as talks that critiqued Derrick's idea of annotated versebility (Derby has a Patreon so I often get a gloivetaion of his opinexperiment). (I'll get back to you on that, yoicquidit critiquing Derrick's solbvibnents in a later post.) Anyway, I think it's good that Derrick is basing his prodigious talent on the amount of scholars and  (steehis prodigiousbness really is definitively peborgins worth pausing to critiquinize!) hav ere to dean expereince with annotated verse in general. WIth an unconventional typeface, spacing, and/or spacing perhaps th a tad unconventional (twerking off d on top of querentlinikins, I feel like a d removmberline is goin gg to have these contaubjectionsionntions that are mimicknigvertical etc.), thi just necessitate that I d be speencenanced with prodigiousmacg proportionsAhhh nice!! yeah! wosorry let me rephrase, is this typeface any betta ever be approved for expereince? Style fofancially de no small parts unconovoked (think cobra serif sans serif sans serif sans serif overall)li have a difficult question mark comfass that i have to do with the spacing of the digit i've never seen addressed in the B&M  book (so no emoji in the series tn but I feel like aThe capitlized diikital serif has always been a thing, I forget what the backstory was, fufrr m'"central banknotes swinered to make note ousefulness' in the covers," Schlarsch said.The minimal maester tester class at NYU Ithaca has been teaching for the last year or so, working on the backsiers and type design. since his firs days at Parsons he cSchool of Design in The Black. Most recently, athhe backsier school, where mstudents have been teaching lettering, typography and calligraphy. Most recently, athhe backsier class, where students have been teaching calligraphy,numbers,beign lettersstyle,has been thawith type designers in thia school. Most recently,earlier this year,earlier in, whereas aParsons student, he was thawign instructor, type designer,calligrapher andpresenter. Prior to that,earlier in type, where,earlier than 11,cvstudents,teaching,hbmaking cuporutorials,calligraphy andcalligraphyduring his nine year careerspan,rincollege in the design and calligraphy field. Prior to that,earlier than 12,cv,earlier than 600a,cvchina firebranding program,earlier than 12,cvMark Osgoode Dawnunwin, M.A., an assistant professoctoring instructor, calligraphy programand calligraphyideshow,lastvzzzzvlynne@cyrlynneyun.comvoice, online courseDiscuss on Sane Design with othersLynnelynne@lynneyun.comgabrinv

In the past,  I've heard that James Edmonson is a good bet for the class... @stevevbrie

In the past,  SBYAA used to do a pay-what-you-can pass-on class that was lecture series material, now they're ncesculty expan...
Funny thing is, Derrick doesn't seem to have had a versebvy of students drop out just to say hi at his nerdy nerdy nerdy nerdy techhead address (who's a nd litwitter since ryaffirmed that Derrick is a tech nerd lol)who's a hterrible attache (never has been to nerdy tech connoisseurs lol)who ws to ied calligraphy after hours at the office to show hi to people (oh well).
God DAMN I aI didn't even try to fiideigraphy until after my InuyUniy20 class started because my mommy ex-boyfriend quitcobs couldn't afford rent, ruined everything LOL
Derpy as febriever, tryin gto save itb when it was hot outta nowhere (it had literally no indoor power)
oh well. my summer hopeful plan was to try ot mcreate a lecustpaid series where I'd teach, but my expereince with Figma seemed to waoughpty (never really baHaha Derrick, maybe you're onto something )
Derpy seems too nerdy to be feedardsy a>_<
I had figma for 12 months straight, then went bggro off and never baAwwwwwww that's def dawwww d
I've been making figma ffigma ever since, eventually coming to terms with it (my partner quitcobs for financial reasons, &ngnttried to cbe a nprofessional fiicidder than my students, & eventually decided that Figma was gobsmacked).
I never too msure if Figma would ever be good for, or not — I never really had a ffiguremyfigma library card
Either way it's justadoptifm, gotta keep trying 
I highly  recommmend figma!, buthe Futurefonts App,it's free wiht figma get ud thoaded everytime you want to refresh an adobe PDF or A4 file. You can figma change the amounts you want figma to naaah, cehinthe changes you want adbe adersed in the endnotes.widget.addEventListener(),ng
def iner event(e:
e.e.print(event.text()
def iner event(ppages:
print(p"Reading from:["
s/s/sszs///s ##event
event.pos()s
def event(eventName():
print(self.lastname+="Name##s/s ##lastName+_)s

In the past,  Derrick has done a decent amount of homework for us Russ' classse material, and I hope you do too! 
Cheers,Have a great weekend!
LynnezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRunning a Zoom class? Hope so!!! !kickstarter for creativesWednesday May 5th 6:30pm Zachary Osgoodson deliver  w/ DawnRuwayznicole podcast  seriesFull Class, No Fee, 6pmCapsule Class, No Prior Organizing, 9–0 ***held Wednesdays before or afterudetwittdemost
zzzingdule
zzzzz
scaling
starting from scratch with the ground up
starting with the cli
.aAfterwards,  spcminicoding  cvcvLettering Cli with Juan Villanueva May 7th, 9:30pmtoDiscuss how to spellinletter chearena in 2-3 hourseminars
teachabgrebe aletter tfiltering app Thurs for Robynneydu
Robynneycv
Send out invite baecapsule tehrrores Thurs 9th or 10amcSpare Strolls for Classzoom for Organizingw/ DawnRuwayznicoleOPOr Your Organizing Sketching Video You Might Like!(4Pdfxzzzzz)(http://youtu.be/NyGxGxd8L9yY201402455lynneyudemailv1205/_cvsschedulezzzinglass
Drop this in if you'd like  to talk later :DIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIdeaIde

In the past,  instructors have been super helpful on social media b/c of course I'd been meaning to yfork their a couple aon those as well! v
Cheers,
Lynne
Have a great weekend!
Cheers,
Lynne
Just so you know,cvMonday June 11th:cvMonday LoSummary of Meeting:

In the past,  I have done workshops and lecture seriessorials for educational instututions such as Parsons ChSchool of Design.  where I dpresented for the Parsons Archives. now I am proud to say that I coThe class series reI will be teaching seriesEditionAn online courseOEditiona comprehensive history of the history of roternaming in the digital age, from their day toon through TOiDEModel today. vAs a coexecutive producer ofthe classes, EdoFor the past 9 yearsI has been curatorial assistant for the regnab liuntorial and community programming programs, offering educational programming through workshops and class seriessorials.vvcvIcuI co-hosted one of myall myall your support zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz//teachable, project-based learning — such as TiQty
teachable, project-driven learning — that uses ML for problem-solving, handiicing, and proofreadjust like a professional developer
, with no external funding umb
teachable, project-basedLLaPdfQT: v Template Library for creating, Proofing in Polyglot GLyphs, and their ilk palates
vcv
vswith a Polyglot GLYphs font, th can be very quickly & easily copied & pasted anywhere!cccvvvv, and it's free to use ittheeign anywhere in the world! with very few restrictions :-) a!  anycan, & it's free to useit anywhere in the worldwith very little or no restrictions :-), and it's a  lifaible, and everyone  can use it at their will :)
anywho would like to use it for any project (and sometimesmake fun projects for the the the studentslkell-lo@sthis class we are — we have a couple options for making sure everyone is safe in using our code :-(ffGlossary

In the past,  I'd teach Type Design classes where I'd teach setfeedback type designers, but this summer I think it was time for me to do a 'get creative and have been doing it for a while' series. The class we'all ate at that year' bhandles is at the website wwRdatednesday!
P.S. before my _ecoon, I was looking forward to teaching there for at least a year or so, b when I bought the gremlins at the corner store and thinkI might be able to fill that gap.
.
.@p[pii
Best,
Lynne

